Oh in Edwards ever the contrary and
shows up with an Android phone drinking
some french fries and Danny brought that
were made with clear animal Jamie you
were there what you see French fire -
yes appeared a melon listen MGM
steakhouse Dan cooking that fuckin those
french fries and anything other than
animal fat guarantee they're too
delicious I didn't see it I didn't see
it even in McDonald's if you get
McDonald's fries apparently they cook
them in some fucking disgusting fat well
that's what makes them taste so good
what does make McDonald's fries taste
good they're pretty good but they're not
my favorite I don't know I get confused
when people say they're better than
in-and-out fries what I like fries that
taste like potatoes oh yeah
even in a now fries a far superior I
don't like fries that taste like potato
fries better than McDonald's I do
personally feel like you know who I had
beef with that about where candy
Alexander from Newsradio
she was the first person to like we went
and got in and out like for the holes
the whole group of us and she got
McDonald's fries she went got McDonald's
problem why'd you get McDonald's
franchise fuck those bullshit fries
those in-and-out fries but what I didn't
understand they can be okay but they're
so hit-or-miss that they can miss bad to
me they're remarkably consistent with
Five Guys fries five guys are the king
of fries
yes there's two options they have kid
they're real they have the fucking
potatoes and bags sitting in their
goddamn store just to let you know bitch
we're using these potatoes and then they
taste that bag and shake it in there and
cut it up
they have cajun fries mmm so they win
you have another option you got spicy
fries that are goddamn delicious I have
to stop by there and then you don't have
to crack
Hackett's to get your ketchup they have
a giant tub of the ketchup he squirt
that bitch a nice little cup a little
paper cup you can shower it and have
that and ketchup McDonald's had that
homeless people would be under it squirt
mustard I'll tell you what man
since Starbucks got in trouble for being
racist there's a lot more homeless
people at Starbucks like they understand
you just go it's really it's really
that's so funny
kicked out they can't get kicked
everybody's afraid dude it's a it's a
hundred percent different one hundred
percent different in some spot like
which ones are you going to the ones in
Hollywood they know how to handle it for
the most part yeah airlocks on
everything I went to a shifty one in
downtown where they don't even have a
bathroom like how are you serving coffee
you know have a bathroom cuz it makes
you shit and piss yeah this is
ridiculous
but I realized they didn't have a
bathroom cuz the homeless people there
was homeless people that had like this
guy had a port and he was charging all
of his devices he had everything he had
like a phone a fucking iPad a long night
ahead of him but they get free
electricity there and he's oh he's got
like a bag of his stuff like he's got a
little camp in the corner of the
Starbucks I'm like wow
on one hand like hey how's a guy
supposed to get some electricity I'm
right I want him to get back up on his
feet maybe this is the way to do it
maybe it's through that iPad uh-huh on
the other hand like hey don't give me a
disease you fucking Instagram account
yesterday I don't street people of Los
Angeles which it's got some very
interesting content is that a naked
person yes it is make a person just
change it on the stranger on the street
that was actually in San Francisco I
think I remember checking that post but
wow this has got some interesting stuff
these guys were like cooking underneath
the tree on a lot with like a live grill
right somewhere but there's a Tommy's in
Hollywood sorry good times oh and
there's always like a bunch of young
homeless people cooking in front of it
like there's a bus stop they have a lit
fire like caveman like like
like fear of the walking dead style
campfire like outside of the Tommies on
Hollywood Boulevard like on a daily
basis how weird it's just weird that
that's okay like if you just wanted to
start a fire on the side of the road
would that be okay no but can you start
a fire to cook apparently can you or did
they just not get busted probably need a
permit yeah I think you need something
like a to be like a grill street vendor
type of permit if you wanted to sell
what if you just wanted to give food
away you can't do that you can't but you
can eat it yourself
I don't know can you offer it something
it seems like you could offer it to
somebody like you know if they allow you
to cook and you and I were sitting there
and we're cooking so would you like
something and you said yeah yeah that
looks good that should be okay it's like
a donation now some places they don't
charge you to get in but they accept a
donation but if you plan in advance you
say hey all of us meet on the corner of
3rd in Santa Monica
I'm gonna have a cookout we're just
setting up right here on the concrete
yeah those do people should just go to a
park that has those grills that Griffith
Park is not far right Griffith Park is
like people with homes cook there yeah
you got free grills yeah you could just
do it up there anybody can cook there
yeah that is one of the nicest parts of
LA by the way and if people don't know
that is a fucking wildlife area that's a
legit wildlife area there is a real
predator-prey fucking law the jungle
thing going down right now in Griffith
Park
it's mountain lions and deer yeah it is
going down and coyotes day and coyotes
you are doing all your stuff it's a
really amazing place right because here
we are we got Pasadena and Glendale
Burbank and LA you know beautiful
fucking BMWs driving by these cool
people are jogging they got ear pods in
the jogging in Griffith Park they're
jogging right near a war zone yeah
here's a war such as rustling sometimes
cuz I live around the corner and I'm
like like I'm I'm on I'm stay paying
attention hundred percent we got a giant
framed picture and headed to the studio
of this mountain lion that was
photographed by a camera trap you know
the camera trap is know they set them up
to monitor the numbers of wildlife and
to just try to get an accurate
assessment of what's in the area so what
it is is like a camera that's the photo
camera that operates on motion detection
so as this cat this probably hundred and
fifty pound super muscular grown-ass
mountain lion with a fucking collar on
his neck his name is p22 that's what it
said to say up there yeah
about 119 pounds as of May okay so it's
not quite that bad so it's still big
enough to kill everyone in this room
with us we're fucked yeah but look how
muscular it is I mean that is a look at
the size of its goddamn forearms those
are Franco Columbu forearms that is a
animal and that animal lives around
where all these people are jogging it's
a really strange situation I'm never
going to Griffith Park again fuck yeah
fuck the people S or P 1 to 5 look at
the Hollywood sign behind it though it's
so perfect that is almost like a fake
picture that is so close to me yes I
closed I went to the park it more like a
block and a half away from that joint do
I run with a knife oh yeah I do I run
with this fucking half face blades knife
it's called the shpos subhuman piece of
shit that's what the name of the night
then with look at that he's got blood
and bones he's eating something that
must be like a deer leg fucking a that
is madness and he's digging a hole in
the ground to stuff it in there to save
it fuck man
because you know what the deer around
there are really comfortable but that
could be a kid man right 100% could be a
kid but I know why he's dead because the
deer in that neighborhood like they walk
around in the daytime like they're
tourists too because there's no hunting
around there so they're like all
comfortable you should probably eat them
too yeah so then now the line that's
like oh let me track these motherfuckers
over to this area and I'll just have a
feast it's a buffet night look at this
shit I'm all on Drive there's an animal
Holland Drive there's a grown-ass
mountain lion with a collar on that's
got a giant deer on the ground a buck
not giant it's probably hunter pound
deer on the ground dead on the on the
set on the side of the city street
civilization and this is a cat that's
killing deer with its face that's where
we live and not only that we know where
it
we have a caller on it we're playing
this game you don't affect with us
anyone fuck with you and they won't fuck
with you for the most part the problem
comes when they get old when they get
old to get real dangerous because they
get desperate mmm they can't catch a
deer anymore so they go for the easy
kill for people people are easy right
yeah your kids are easy I'm gonna go
hiking with somebody slow that's move
yeah go hiking with a small slow person
someone who just doesn't look like a
challenge at all hey man survival of the
fittest those smoking with someone who's
smoking the meat makes it more
attractive so there's what we eat
affects how we taste it's got it right
so maybe maybe like people who are in
really in the junk food they'll be more
attractive yeah sweet taste to them yeah
a bat right if you just eat candy all
day I bet you taste delicious yeah the
human skittle attack the human skittle
over here leave me alone
that fucking cat is so big man imagine
just seeing a hundred and fifteen pound
cat in the room with you you'd be like
oh Jesus Christ like my dog is probably
maybe 75 80 pounds somewhere in that
range he's up Marshall yeah and if he
wanted to kill me he probably could
right I mean he's a golden retriever
they don't kill anything other than
squirrels mm-hmm but if he wanted to I
mean I don't know if he had that
mentality he really was like crazed like
like 28 days later he got that rage
virus in on her and he just went after
me he's got giant ass fucking teeth
right I mean I assumed that I would kick
his ass because he listens to me
right because I'm his daddy uh-huh you
know what I mean like there's no he's
never I had pit bulls that growl at you
a little bit and you gotta kind of like
hey motherfucker I'm the one who gives
you your food kind of shit and then
they'll give you their paw and then
they're sorry and you play a little game
with him a little dominance game
especially when they're teenagers and
they're like one and a half two years
old they'll test you just as it's
natural for them all right it's natural
for dogs Golden's don't ever do that
he don't growl at anybody they're just
obedient see the worst guard dog of all
time you come over everybody he loves
everybody he loves you I love he he
loves people like he's
her like not not like he's never met
them but like he can't believe he hasn't
seen them in so long it's like a lose
their long-lost friends everyone's a
long-lost friend hello everyone everyone
is a long-lost friend it's like with him
he's such a love sponge I would be
jealous if I if that's my dog I'm like
so I'm not special just that
motherfucker that's how dogs are really
friendly dogs every new person is
another opportunity for a new person to
love them too mmm so they they get so
excited to meet people smart do when
people come over the house he is so
hilarious everybody loves everybody
can't believe it you hilarious but if
you wanted to you probably kill me I
mean if a rat was that big I would
fucking put my money on the rat on the
right right and dogs dogs kill rats all
the time even those little dogs like
Jack Russells those little tiny dogs
those are designed to kill rats
hilarious my ex had a dog right and I
was holding the dog so and she got into
a car right across the street and moved
it and then got out the car walk and the
dog acted like he didn't just see a jump
in the car he acted like she went away
for two days she just went to just moved
the car across to you we watched her do
it
do you remember when we had a mr. foster
Arian Foster on the podcast and he was
talking about being able to kill wolf
correct we're gonna go press stop this
don't I know you're a beast but come on
man where people were made out of like
smush yeah everything's mushy it's also
soft yeah yeah something that wants to
bite your tit like of a wolf decided to
bite your tip the amount of pain you'd
be in be unbearable I know you feel like
one of those buns that they give you at
the steak house that's what your flesh
feels like exactly like a steak house
bun bread Arian Foster spent four hours
on Twitter explaining why he beat a wolf
what he's hilarious allure isn't he
doing a podcast now he's got his own
podcast he started doing music which is
really good you just released some music
under I think he knows he's a very he's
a running back
yeah he was retired a began running back
he retired young and he's fucking super
smart man just except in control when it
comes to yeah yep when it comes to
wolves
I think he's trolling a little bit he's
having a little fun it's being smart
yeah there's a a wolf you could get not
any wolf oh yeah fuck Lord one with no
teeth a grandma wolf old one that
doesn't have any endurance anymore hmm
he it would be a battle though even then
before we get too far off of this I just
there's pictures on the yacht Google
Images sent me down this this is just
north of the Los Angeles Zoo so there's
a I think this might even be that same
chap we just saw so this sharp cougar
has some food its eating and then next
picture the Bears show up to take it and
now wait a minute or even the fucking
food instead of the Cougar oh my god
this is 30 miles away
I believe in closer so bears steal deer
from Cougars this is what happens when
liberals run a state listen folks I'm
liberal I'm with you I know a lot of you
think I'm not there's a lot of
knuckleheads out there the thing I'm a
part of the alt-right or something I
vote left on fucking everything but you
you got to stop anthropomorphizing
animals we got to be careful we are
montine people I don't want these
animals to die but I also don't want to
go out to my fuckin swimming pool and
see a bear in there and they they have
that in Pasadena you seen that shit and
Pasadena this family went outside and
there's a fucking bear swimming around
their pool there are bears in Pasadena
bro big ones like 200 pound bear
swimming in this motherfuckers pool do I
live here I don't how do I know this
shit not only that you got a take over
man if they decide that this is their
spot look at this shit hilarious there's
a few of them we've got the whole family
I God how many bears are in there three
I think oh my god dude these are these
things are no joke the problem with
bears is to once they get a spot where
they know they can get food more than
water or they can get something they're
gonna come back to that spot they get
habituated that's why they have a real
problem with them with people at
Yellowstone used to feed them all right
you know people would pull in and then I
actually did that over there when that
happened when I was a little kid I went
to Yellowstone my parents took me when I
was probably like seven or eight years
old mm-hmm and I remember it's just
thinking this is so crazy you're in your
car and the Bears are outside they're
right there
they don't do it the same way anymore
though now they discourage human bear
interaction they just didn't understand
it I think as well which is kind of
crazy not that long ago I was looking
the 1970s I just don't understand
people's like for ferocious animals like
I don't want to kill them but I never
want to feed something that could kill
me well I think people have this really
distorted idea of wildlife because of
movies mm-hmm if you thought about like
what The Lion King is you would never
want a line to die
you know lion is noble and make sure
there's a few bad ones but overall the
lion Kings the peas the sweetheart is
amazing you think about Yogi Bear and
think about teddy bears kids have teddy
bears I mean we have this weird thing we
take polar bears which is the most
vicious of all bears and we have them be
our friends selling us ice cream in
coca-cola they're selling Klondike bars
yeah we cartoon them yeah and then
people grow up watching these cartoons
and think oh let me go pet this friendly
thing yeah that was drawing but that's a
I wish a ferocious beast yeah I wish it
didn't have a history if we just thought
of it as a thing like a Wolverine right
Wolverines don't have any there's no one
no one feels about a Wolverine the same
way they think about a bear because
there's no like cute Wolverines mm-hmm
there's only the ones that you see in
like you know x-men like Wolverine dude
is this one yeah yeah but he's like a
person his name's Wolverine there's no
like cute Wolverines cuz they're so
fucking ferocious such a monster of a
little animal one Wolverine will fuck up
a big bear over - they're fucking
ruthless they chase wolves off
dude how big our Wolverine not big man
forty pounds fifty pounds geez they'll
fuck up everything they fuck up
everything everything runs away from
them they're just ready to die all day
all day ready to die and they're super
strong and durable for a little tiny
thing you see you know what a Wolverine
looks like and now I think I don't know
up a Wolverine baring his fangs it looks
like a fake animal look like a super
jacked little giant rat bear thing with
fangs it's like a it's like a super
badger badger another vicious fucking
vicious that's a Wolverine geez bro I
mean look at the teeth on that thing
look at its face and that's it's smiling
yeah that's a good day those
motherfuckers were ready to go to war
all day make weird noises they're
terrifying like if that thing wanted to
kill you you would be fucked look at
those claws claws and the teeth now
imagine that that thing is hyper
aggressive and it's a predator
fuck that shit is built to survive fuck
man
that is a crazy little animal they are
ferocious and they they are ready to go
at all times I mean they'll try to get
the fuck away from you the animal
scientific name means the glutton that's
a pretty apt description four feet tall
weighing 22 pounds for females and 40
pounds for males this fierce creatures
are the largest members of the weasel
family the fucking weasels bro
as vicious weasel still they're small
compared to some of the animals they
compete with for food but a Wolverine
has no problem standing up to wolves or
a bear when a meal is on the line and
that crazy 40 pounds the way bears are
to us is the way or but we are the dogs
you know like an 80 pound dog probably
fuck you up of your 150 pound person
mm-hmm that's how Wolverines are the
Bears forty pound Wolverine might fuck
up a 200-pound bear there's like dams
ain't worth it when I die I want to come
back as a Wolverine yeah it's a vicious
animal the caribou the hares and rodents
as well as larger animals like caribou
that are weak or ill but will also
scavenge from any carcass they can get
their claws on they also leave
vegetables and berries for
meat isn't a deterrent their upper molar
that sits sideways at 90 degrees lets
them rip into ice-covered carcasses
their teeth are so sharp and strong that
they can even eat bones whoa damn once
they got food they often bury it to save
for later mere hours after a meal
they'll go on the hunt again
ferocious ferocious little fucks ugly as
shit too yeah so we don't have a cutie
put one of those alright we've liked the
Wolverine hi mr. Warren
I'm here to help you and our junkie the
forest now they're here to eat your kid
I'm waiting for some woman to bring one
on the plane as a support Wolverine oh
yeah for sure yeah it's crazy it's
always a woman yeah and no is one that's
like over 50 and on all kinds of
medication if you're a dude and you
bring a Wolverine on a plan that beat
will be at your eyes um has a Wolverine
ever killed a person there's some women
that will get offended by that why does
it have to always be in women is it you
it's not you right right
I'm not talking about you all right why
get in person why don't we be gender
specific I'm saying like if if I'm
saying uh it's probably a woman doesn't
mean he know women it means is it's
probably really a woman right yeah I
guess because the peacock person that
was a woman that was a woman and then
the but in the P in the defense of women
a guy you got an emotional support
alligator recently I didn't it was a guy
and he's an idiot
but I hear about that I wonder how many
of those people including the peacock
lady are doing it just for attention
because they know that people talk about
it I think people that have like I've
saw this girl and in San Diego La Jolla
she came to the restaurant with her
micro pig that's not real you know
that's not real they MIT they made those
yeah well you're Cummings explain it to
me
you know she adopted a pig and they kept
it and then fed it and then drove some
ungodly amount of time like two days to
Texas drop it off at a pig sanctuary
that's how crazy for animals Whitney
Cummings it so through Whitney I learned
that pigs are just pigs
there's no micro pig it's just a pig
that they don't feed Oh for real for
real so they just starved and it
decision getting big but
not giving it a lot of food that's not
cool pawning off on a sucker it's a pig
exactly it's gotta eat exactly a greedy
little pig yeah I mean they're famous
for getting fat that's what they love to
do
so they'll pawn it off on some person
and then cuz they can't afford not to
feed it now the person doesn't know any
better they think they're getting a
micro pig
oh it's give me small and cute forever
now you're gonna have a thousand-pound
pig if you give you fetus everything in
one state it's gonna keep growing
damn how did my Pig grow big there's no
micro it's like micro people I'll give
you a look at people from like the Civil
War day there was 125 pounds well why
was that cuz they didn't have any
fucking food right the same guy today
probably 200 pounds yeah the Colonel's
and all that stuff and everything in it
oh yeah what even just eating regular
food no just like real meat and potatoes
and vegetables and shit you're not gonna
be a hundred 25 pounds like I was
probably starving yeah they probably
didn't have three meals a day back in
the Civil War no ever and snacks I read
this book by this pool hustler it was a
McGirt e-life of a billiard hustler I
think it was it's a really interesting
book because it was about a guy who
survived by traveling around on trains
like a hobo gambling playing pool and
billiards um in the depression but
during the Depression who's talking
about almost starving to death like a
people that would knock on people's
doors beg for food all right and you
know people would just come out with a
plate of food and give it to them like
everybody was like on the edge people
had to really rely on people they didn't
like rely on people for food there was
no fucking jobs there's a lot of people
back then you know with looking at these
homeless folks and like for the most
part my opinion is you're looking at
people probably have an undiagnosed or
untreated mental illness yeah it's a lot
of that it's I think it's a lot I don't
know what the number is but I would
think it's a lot and then there's also
people that make mistakes down in the
lawyer and then people that you know had
terrible childhoods horrible abuse
sexual abuse violence the evil parents
you know parents die leave them alone
foster care all that kind of shit like
it's not their fault alarms and theirs
as humans we should do something to take
care of it
but on the other hand yeah we just don't
know who's who out there yeah exactly
who's mentally ill who just needs help
and the mentally ill people man they
need help too but like how do you force
them to you know how do you force them
in a tree how do you just get them real
help so that because yeah the way they
do help people with pills and all that
stuff some some of it works and some of
it doesn't work mm-hmm you know what I
mean and some of its just like creates a
dependency on something yeah so it's
just like the the system just from the
beginning needs to be fixed right and
not just like pills and like have you
ever been on any kind of psych
medication no have you ever taken
adderall no you do Jamie gave me a
little bit of adderall once
allegedly and I didn't take it I looked
at it I don't do it my scale speed you
know I think gave it to because I
haven't taken it either had it for a
long time I just I've known so many
people to do it and they get real weird
they get weird and it is a it's it's an
amphetamine and when you take ham feta
means especially if you don't take
amphetamines responsibly really strange
things happen and one of the things
happen is people get really paranoid
they get really weird they get they
start having delusions of grandeur they
start thinking that what they're doing
is very important that a lot of people
are out to take them down
mm-hm and you see that with people that
do too much adderall they don't follow
the prescription they just start chewing
them all day whew things can get real
slippery like slippery it's like Matt
I'm f slippery that's all right it's
like because they s they get immune to
it so they got to take extra oh yeah
then the more you take yeah the worse it
gets
yeah tolerance is a real for everything
yeah I assume I mean they even have
tolerances for snake venom you know one
of the things that snake handlers do
they'll give themselves a little bit of
venom every day um selves immune to
snake venom right your body is an
amazing adaptable thing which is why
vaccines work all right so why these
crazy fucks you don't want us to
vaccines like listen you know we gotta
be real careful with claiming expertise
on this shit we gotta be real careful
with getting fucked over by
pharmaceutical companies we got to be
real careful of that too but we also got
to be real careful of not listening to
these doctors and researchers that are
struggling to find the ways to cure
these horrible infectious diseases
because they've got a lot of them nailed
through vaccines it's so confusing out
there you can make an argument for any
team sure anything you can so it's tough
to figure out I know a lot of logical
intelligent people that that think that
vaccines cause autism and I'm not a
doctor so I I don't know know if you
know that mmm yeah I think I think not a
doctor no but I've heard logical
intelligent people argue that that
vaccines can cause autism like man
you're not a scientist
like how could you say that because you
saw it in a documentary
I know it's interesting when you see
something in the documentary that sounds
good
you want to relay it as fact I'm as
guilty as that as anyone probably more
guilty than most I'm guilty of doing
that a lot but just recognizing that
over time I've gotten to this point
where I'm like maybe I should just shut
the fuck up about something that I don't
actually know about and try to figure
out what it is instead of saying what it
is what they what they do know is that
vaccines have stopped the spread of a
fucking bunch of awful disease has saved
a bunch of plague small blocks that
Lindsey Fitzharris woman who's been on
the podcast Jamie she sent me some image
of some people with smallpox a bunch of
stuff about some small pox is horrific
right just horrific with how it kills
you
horrific they knit that shit in the bud
with vaccines
maybe maybe they've chain some vaccines
do get people autism that guy's back
looks like and maybe some bactine
vaccines do give some people autism but
overall most of the time it helps
everybody like there's gonna be some
things that affect pee
well differently hmm but then that but
that means you can't stop taking it or
giving it to everybody that's knowledge
happen right it's no consolation if you
get autism from it or if your child
write autism from it yeah but it's one
of those things that's but everybody
else take this grows up without it right
you know it's a messy thing about being
a person right right like it's not it's
not like clean print like are you
pro-abortion
well I'm pro-abortion up to a point
right right when it gets to be like
seven months
it's that seems to you know it gets
longer in the pregnancy that seems like
we're talking about like the first few
days yeah what is that
I'm BRE so I'm pro-abortion if I get the
girl pregnant yeah it's um it's a weird
you know with many many many subjects
right there's like a weird well it's not
exactly well it's this mm-hmm you know
if there's a vaccine court for a reason
vaccines have done damage to people yeah
people gotten injured from vaccines
where at during the injection site
something happened Peter Hotez was
talking about that he's a doctor that's
specialists and infectious diseases and
vaccines and he was explaining that
there's five environmental factors if
they think or five factors they think
contribute to a child possibly getting
autism they've narrowed it down to these
things but the most current research but
they're all during the womb it's it's
contact with things during the womb or
in other genetics of the mother they
think that's it has something to do with
the developmental process while the
child is in vitro in the woman's body
not after birth right they don't think
it occurs after birth but I don't know
that I mean they could be wrong then but
keep it current and then they could
change that opinion
a year from now they can find new
evidence that shit happens all the time
exactly
it really does it happens all the time
but what we have to do is make sure we
have fucking people that are working on
this shit trying to figure out the way
to stop diseases because otherwise some
Spanish flu type shit comes rolling
around so simple shit and kill everybody
that Spanish flu killed millions and
millions of people in the 1920s yeah it
doesn't sound lethal at all it's just
Spanish flu it's just like how did that
kill people
sounds like a drink yeah yeah bring that
full circle back to downtown LA that
where typhus outbreaks have happen same
thing as typhoid fever I think but it's
very close it's a new one it's a new one
it's a new typhoid that they don't have
a fucking vaccine for I was down there
the other day just trying to buy
doughnuts downtown it's the the allure
of downtown has escaped me everybody
everybody thinks it's amazing with Jamie
and I talked and we've been talking
about this forever we wanted to get a
loft in downtown like I'm high and start
filming podcasts up there uh-huh
because I think that would be the
coolest backdrop right like for YouTube
like you and me sitting here behind us
you're just all building by some Times
Square TV show nights and shit like that
would be an amazing backdrop for a
podcast green-screen that now be safe
yeah I can't do that if I was gonna
green-screen something it would be like
current events shit
it would be like Melania Trump slapping
Donald's hand away I'd like to see that
shit like that would be what I was I
wouldn't pretend I'm in the savannahs I
mean everybody sees me no no I'll be
sitting in Griffith Park
behind me is a mountain lion on a leg I
was meditating in Griffith Park oh do
you like one morning and I hear rustling
in the bushes and it was a coyote like
just waking up they bite you yeah and I
was like I can't do that anymore close
my eyes in Griffith Park yeah you go
camping out there they'll bite you look
check that you might be dead right yeah
you just lie in there maybe just
recently died by you yeah they really
will do really well they're predators
the whole thing is so strange
he people are so strange how we just we
think it's cool it's cool to be around
bears a mountain lions and shit and we
have urban coyotes ones that like you'll
see walking down the street at night
yeah my neighbor had two little dogs and
one of them was really old so then she
had to walk them one at a time
mmm because she saw a coyote one time
coming up on him and she couldn't handle
both of him so she takes or she used to
take each dog out to walk at night one
at a time take a gun that fucking
rotten dog right in the face it's hot
that's what a coyote is a dog not her
dog I was talking about the coyote but
actually it's a wolf it's a small wolf
too small wolf yeah coyotes like a
particularly durable and resilient form
of wolf a shitty wolf it's a really
interesting wolf mmm this is a great
book called coyote America but Dan
Flores he I learned about him through my
friend Steve Rinella I think he's his
professor and one of his one of his
courses but he is a guy who spent an
extreme amount of time studying the
history and the science behind coyote a
really really interesting book but one
of the things they found out is that
when you kill a coyote
they just make more coyotes that's why
the Saudis yeah like they know they
spread out
yeah they when they yell out they'd yell
out they communicate in a lot of
different ways they yell out when they
kill something sometimes they yell out
when they're trying to figure out where
each others are they also yell it like a
rolecall like out there they do that
that's what they're doing and when one
is missing they the female there's some
sort of a chemical or biological
reaction and her body makes more puppies
like we're fucking tonight yeah I didn't
hear Jamie we're fuckin tonight they
make larger litters fair so if I can
normal litter would be like four pups
if someone's missing they'll make six or
eight some along those lines and now we
can't kill him well they spread out two
went in the 1700's and 1800's you know
when people's first started going
through the West you know they were
around but then when we started killing
them they spread to the entire country
there also he was a single-state so they
weren't like down this way no no no they
weren't everywhere they're a West animal
they're a Western animal and then they
went brow there in New York City
oh shit for real yes for real there's
coyotes in New York City they have
little packs of them running around
Times Square get out of here dude for
real dude there's little coyotes that
are wandering through Central Park
listen I get that there's
mountain lions in Griffith Park I get
that this urban cut but New York City I
might have made up the time square part
but best bananas definite York I know
they're in New York as there was uh they
probably came from upstate they've seen
him in buildings during coyotes and
abandoned buildings where they've
decided to make a look at NASA and
abandoned build they're all they're all
over downtown LA mmm Central Park
Central Park BAM coyote motherfucker
damn bro on the streets coyote okay on
the street so I was telling the truth
they could go to Times Square easily
yeah everywhere I look I'm almost like a
tourist reading coyote that is a small
wolf that's what that is
and there we've were infected with them
and here's the thing this is what you
have to be aware of
that's the gentlemen that go back what's
his name Justin Brown yeah Justin Brown
was on the podcast he tracks coyotes all
throughout downtown LA mmm he's biology
a wildlife biologist that works for the
state really interesting in downtown LA
so instead of like being at a ranch
outside of Bakersfield and tatty
mountains this guy is look there's a
coyote same camera trap got that yeah
get a picture of that too young Jamie
order that bitch up
make a note yeah why not right we should
have coyote picture too
we can't just have a mountain lion
that's rude let's show all the crazy
shit that's wandering see if they got a
bear in the next camera trap hopefully
they get a beer I like how the Coyotes
are so used to being around that the way
they walk down the street is just like
regular yeah like no trepidation
whatsoever
look at that just wandering yeah yeah
whistling walk
I remember in 1994 the first might have
been 93 first time I ever came to LA and
I was staying at the Oakwood gardens oh
yeah Oakwood Ourense yeah on Barham
there in in Burbank there furnished
apartments where it's where you stay
when you first come to LA you don't have
a spot you don't have enough money to
get up and you don't know if the show
you're on is ever going to last yeah so
I stayed at these oakwoods apartments
and I was driving up the street to the
apartment and I saw a coyote I was like
what is his dog doing just walking right
I was like oh shit those are coyotes I
couldn't believe it
it's fine I pulled over and I'm looking
out the window there's three little
wolves
isn't it funny how that moment when
something you've never seen before you
see it and it takes you a second to
realize it what it is and then you the
word for what it is comes to your head
right away like you knew it was a coyote
even though you never really seen a
coyote before I was in denial he's in
denial yeah I was thinking it was a dog
like it was three dogs and then I had to
pull over and I'm like I remember people
telling me that they had seen coyotes
mm-hmm but I thought it was like I saw a
mountain lion like if someone saw a
mountain lion you're like holy shit you
dead that's pretty rare right right have
you ever seen one no I've seen two alive
yeah see two live ones
why are you like out here yeah and what
happened one of them ate my dog yes we
lived in Colorado yeah and you was right
there no no I was this mountainous case
in the house I think right and we saw it
in the woods at one point time mm-hmm
and then another one I saw in Santa
Barbara in Montecito driving through a
neighborhood I saw this animal run
across the car in front of the lights
and I saw its tail and I was like holy
shit that's a cat I take it back I have
seen some mountain lions really you know
faizon love yeah he moves all over the
place but one time he lived in San Diego
meaning Hugh Moore went to visit him and
Weez at his house hanging out and at
night he was like look out the window in
his backyard and it was like mountain
lions in his fucking backyard more than
one yeah there was like two or three of
them and all I'm thinking is like how
the fuck were we go and get to the car
and he was so casual about it and I was
like wow yeah yeah it's time to move son
yeah Jaime did you ever see that video
from Colorado where a guy looked out his
window there was three mountain lions on
his driveway like super clear iPhone
footage this guy or Android phone I
don't know yeah it could be an Android
he was saying this week any more shit
for using an Android phone than for
being a vegan
yeah for being a black vegan comedian
yeah
yeah you get more grief yeah forever an
Android
it's a weird little battle right it's
like republican-democrat type shit yeah
it is it is like people with iPhones
really ain't trying to have it but it's
not just that it's like there's teams
it's like the fucking Orioles are
playing the Yankees yeah you know people
get on a goddamn team and the iPhones
are the Yankees right now it's weird man
phone the phone thing is a weird thing
it's weird that people are so they're
they're really like
so tribal all right they're tribal with
their phone yeah they made a tribe out
of phones people could make a tribe out
of anything hmm
and what's really crazy is the biggest
company the ones that's the most
desirable is a company that also makes
computers and they they make their own
shit they make their own hardware all
right that's what's really strange about
Apple like they make everything they
make the software they make the hardware
they the only one you have different
models but there's only an iPhone you
get an iPhone rxr whatever the fuck it
is X excess max but it's only an iPhone
that's all you get you don't get it you
don't get anything else
whereas Android you got hundreds of
brain yeah see there's so much variety
everybody yeah but choose from Jamie's
like that but you gotta have you got to
be able to deal with that green yeah
fended by the green bubble I have
friends that I go up but maybe if
they're smart and your bubble comes a
green it means something you know it
doesn't look green to them their
messengers pretty cool looking yeah all
my text is when they come in like
they're all will they look like yeah see
if policy well I think mine are oh
they're blue they are blue so here's
come in blue anyway so it looks blue
what do you have a note
yeah Galaxy Note 9 yeah that's the shit
I have one of those yeah see that's my
other phone yeah you told me yeah that
thing is badass
yeah it's a beast of a phone that screen
is amazing there it's so big
and you like you get the whole screen
yes no cutout yeah and it goes down the
side and sure mm-hmm I got it just in
case like I'm on the flight and I want
to watch something on it or just
somewhere you want to watch something on
it you download it and you have a full
screen yeah instead of having like a
getting an iPad on top of that right as
people have just too much shit do you
ever use the pen know that pen is
useless to me yeah I just like like
signed the document today like yeah like
Shan Zhai needed a w-9 signed a w-9 form
for me I just like downloaded it signed
it and then emailed it back yeah I've
never used it yeah maybe it's just me I
draw dicks on people's head that's the
perfect use for it but I also feel like
a rebel when I use my Android fucking
I'm crazy man fucking trans out here
whoo when do you use your Android like
like so you have your iPhone yeah so
when you need more more often I'm
transitioning out of one phone number to
another which I have to do often okay
yeah so you have two different numbers
okay getting used to it play what I play
with it a lot got a new one that's
coming out there's a new ones coming out
that looks amazing
do you know ten No ten yeah it's coming
out like in a couple weeks yeah I try to
hold on to I don't try to get every new
phone I try to hold on to it for a
minute so I feel like they didn't rip me
off and it may be three or two phones
later then I'll get the other one but if
I buy every phone I feel like um I want
to be a rebel within the rebel mold yeah
yeah I got some old shit you're not
gonna get me like in this loop but just
by and by and by comparison yeah that's
in a weird thing like that phone they
could stop right there that phone's
perfect like it does everything yeah
what more do I need they take pictures
makes videos yes get on the internet
asking questions get any answers send
emails what the fuck else do I need
don't you don't you know it does
everything unless they come up with some
new shit but if someone said hey Ian
I'll give you about million dollars but
you gotta use that phone only for the
rest of your life would you say yes this
one yes that's crazy
yeah breaks will replace it but that's
your phone forever I know it was I know
it'll slow down well Apple phones will
slow down because they engineered them
and that means sick that that almost
made me stop using Apple stuff I was
like I can't believe that you guys are
attributing this to battery life that
that's in dis ingenuity
well they admitted it but they said they
did it so that it would give you more
battery life because your battery
degrades over time so the engineer net
that is a convenient yeah they also must
have understood that people were gonna
get frustrated with the fact that it
slowed down considerably and they would
give them an incentive to buy a new
phone to say that they didn't say that
like come on you guys are so goddamn
smart you make iPhone right they figured
out everything yeah but not that you
didn't throw that out you figured that
out on purpose yeah you also one of the
most successful businesses of all time
Apple has billions of dollars cash just
sitting there they have so much money I
got Pablo Escobar buried money they got
so much money
Apple has something like how many
billions of dollars is Apple have 225
billion Apple has so much cash cash that
they could they could probably wipe out
half our debt looks like this is what
they could buy right now it's not 25
billion left over they could buy Nike
Ferrari ham Twitter the Manchester
United franchise and the Manchester
United Football team and still have a
home which left 25 billion left I say
football for people like yourself to the
aficionado thank you sir I didn't say
soccer appreciate their do they say
soccer um where you from
like originally in England yeah no not
in England and then it's football you're
only in America they say soccer but
before the like where did it where did
it become football was it always
football in Europe who's always football
well why why when it came over here did
it switch over no idea why didn't they
come up with another name for football
base hardly ever kick a football I think
I think they
were playing football like the soccer
football and then somebody picked up the
ball and started running with it and
they started tackling each other like I
heard some story like that oh and then
they kind of created football and it
evolved from there but then they never
changed the name is that weird they like
footballs called football when the only
person kicks it is a guy who can't even
play the game it's the least significant
person on the team as far as getting
pussy when has a championship yes yeah
and you're not allowed to hit him right
right and you're not allowed to hit him
yeah that's crazy
you can't hit him it's not while he's in
motion of his vulnerable person they try
to be safe
oh so you can't hit him on ones legs up
an area well that's what block the ball
and you can hit him yet but in the crazy
that that's football it's only one time
it gets kicked right how is that
football why what what a silly name
right does it make sense but I'm not mad
at it you know it's like fine
it's whatever imagine if they called you
know baseball what would they call it
foul if they called it foul we're
playing foul well it's something that
happens every now and then this game has
nothing to do it running around the
bases is it's it's about touchdowns you
should call it touchdown yeah play
touchdown because it's just yeah
baseball it's just like we're trying to
get from base to base yeah if they
baseball touchdown no they call football
touchdown touchdown the ntl national
touchdown league we're gonna what we're
gonna play touchdown run through an
explanation of why we call it soccer and
it's more confusing than we carry when
you go back to England if you're from
England and you talking about it to
people do they resent the term soccer
like how does it work some people do
like I used to present the term soccer
really yeah but I live here and as I get
over it you know I'm saying as a person
I got to get over it because it was my
favorite sport growing up yes I just got
over it and then now I even call it
soccer my podcast says soccer I don't
even say football but when I go to
England I just or just when I'm around
four
or soccer people I say football I get it
yeah it's like if I if I was talking to
someone they wanted to talk about pool
but they want to call it bumper pool
okay the woman's World Cup they won the
World Cup in the United States did for
soccer mm-hmm and but it's not you know
it's football to people like yourself
it's the World Cup like how can they
call the World Cup soccer to appease the
one country that gives the least amount
of fucks about the sport right now weird
yeah that's way that's that's how over
America
that's crazy I really stop and think
about it we made them change the name of
their thing yeah we're not gonna get in
there well come on soccer okay we're out
of it but we're calling it this they
call it do they call it football in like
Argentina yeah everywhere in football
you know but it's football they state
their pronunciation and spelling of it
but in Australia they're the rebels are
the rebels oh yeah they have their own
rules they have Australian rules
football yeah they changed the rules
right for more ruggedness yeah cuz
they're too you know what it was over
there they were too used to rugby like
those New Zealand savages yeah yeah
they're fucking Savage you can't play
that bitch-ass game with a helmet these
guys are running around biting each
other in the dick and the scrums
right that's the most rugged game
anything to win that's the game they
should play in America all the CTE
problems they're having you'd have a
little bit of that with with anything
contact sports you're gonna get injuries
mm-hmm but I think you'd have less with
no gear so both those things confuse me
I don't know the difference between
rugby on Australian rules football and I
think in Australia they play both yes
just I'd be just confused like what is
the difference well the ball is
different right they both seem like
what's a rugby ball look like literally
look about the same is it no different
not note there is slight differences but
they look about the same it's like a
football with more rounded edges and
it's a little more plump as far as I
know they could be playing with a round
ball I literally don't even know yeah I
have no idea what now it's kind of like
it kind of looks like an American that's
it it's a cross between a basketball and
a football yeah yeah it's like a fat
football yeah
so that's an Australian use football
though it's similar to a rugby ball okay
so that's not a foot rugby ball but it's
close so there's probably like football
Australian rules football and then rugby
ball right what is the rules what can
they do yeah what are they doing
different it's also sometimes referred
to in the media as the round ball game
but the world game and international
football strenuous football referred to
as Australian football hmm I think I
think yeah it's a little more like fluid
like the game doesn't stop as much as
less stoppages they kind of just keep
going okay it says it's a little more
fluid where players can pretty much run
around where they choose they still have
a specific end side goal to score but
it's more open in between another main
differences that the game is played in
20 minute quarters not halves hmm I was
trying I told you a couple while ago
they're adding three versus three
basketball to the Olympics coming up and
the way that that game is played is so
different than traditional basketball
like it's just a running clock the once
you score you just take it out throw it
back run across the line go score again
it's a very fast-paced city so they're
bringing like pong ball to the Olympics
I think so it apparently it's very
popular in Europe it's not like that big
three basketball that sort of started
here it's not that same basketball but
it's popular I guess when will Harris
was in here will Harris has this show
called anatomy of a fighter he's a
videographer and he went to Dagestan to
watch khabib nurmagomedov who's the UFC
lightweight champion fucking animal man
he's just don't he's one of the rare
undefeated top of the food chain
fighters in MMA they play a game of
basketball in Dagestan or they don't
dribble the ball at all they just like
wrestle each other to the ground and
they even choke each other and get each
other in arm bars and shit so this is it
they just practice in jiu-jitsu yeah
they're well look they don't they don't
dribble at all they're basically playing
like football a football type but
they're shooting at the basketball hoop
but they throw each other to the ground
and khabib oh fucking hip toss dudes
because they they have it right next to
the wrestling mats
uh-huh so part of what they filmed was
he was in a wrestling match with his
dude when they were trying to take a
player out so he's
a hold of this dude and when he grabs a
hold of dude he drags him to the ground
and gets him a Mack gets him an armbar
get some gonna remake a choke
it's crazy makes the guy tap and he
doesn't let him up like here goes look
look he grabs him mm-hmm like they're
allowed to do this the guys lives
through he gets him I'm there sir
they're grappling first of all the
grappling on the fucking hardwood floor
on full-blast clack grappling and then
he takes him to the ground this is
serious this isn't playing around the
dudes back now they're on the floor
again they're on the hardwood floor and
he's fucking choking him out just Conor
McGregor doom and then they keep going
and as they keep going he's getting the
guy in an armbar later this is this is
this is basketball for white dudes that
can't dribble that's all this is just
like how do we but yeah I don't know man
I think it's this is the most effective
way to use wrestling with basketballs I
think they just wanted to make something
that's like a really hard workout that's
very competitive I think I don't know if
other people are doing this in Europe or
if this is just something that Dagestan
figured out but look these are some of
the most savage fighters in the UFC it
does look fun it looks fun it's fun yeah
I get to be bond you're back yeah they
just don't have access to a very good
basketball on pump to keep it pumped up
and the floor how they're not good to be
dribbled on so they just figured out a
better game to play it stead of dealing
with that fucked up ball court that's a
ridiculous way to thank Jamie these are
world-class fighters they travel over
the world they have all sorts of gym
equipment they have mats they have
weights they have already some skin on
it that's a city basketball I played
with lots of basketball is my life you
would never even try to dribble that
it's like American football slash
jujitsu / - like if you have a dead spot
on the court you almost only want to
play on it but dude they could get
another ball they all have brand new
sneakers on and leggings and shit I mean
it's not like Dagestan is in the middle
of nowhere I don't get Goods there they
could but they might just like this game
better there's like fuck it we're
playing this because well better at this
that I think I think it helps them I'm
saying that your leg made you go
one-on-one with the basket maybe I did
not understand the rules they make him
up but you said it was like I was
swearing for no reason oh they're like
they're they're talking out a dispute
how do you argue with Kobe B you can't
that's the top dog that's the Beast of
the fucking crew but yeah which it's
weird what what people like get really
into like cricket cricket is one that
the Europeans brought over to India
right
they brought it to the West Indies abort
it to any country that they colonize and
all those countries love it and they
play it oh so it's a colonization game
yeah and then now they have like almost
like the equivalent of like World Cups
of cricket in all the countries
Australia's big cricket country because
they unite so it's a big thing West
Indies and everything strange-looking
game too it's just boring yeah
takes takes days to play sometimes days
yeah yeah days yeah for a week I think
sometimes yeah yeah yeah how many hours
a day
too many Oh Mike it's too many mana okay
I used to kill me it was fun to play in
the backyard cuz you can just get some
sticks and stick them in the ground and
then put one across the top as a wicket
this is a game I have no idea
I couldn't even draw you a picture of
what the stick looks like three sticks
like three sticks and then you put like
one on top across the album Senate when
the you're out when the guy who's
pitching or bowling and you swing and or
if you don't swing and it hits the
wicket and they knock over comb kind of
like bowling sticks then you're out but
yeah and then you get you're trying to
protect the wicket protect the wicket
and hit it so far that you can run from
stick to stick you and your partner who
is batting at the other end and then the
most amount of runs you can get that
just adds to the score can I see that I
want to see that that sounds so weird
pull up a video of dudes playing cricket
I don't think I've ever watched it go
yeah I think I've seen like highlights
on television maybe you know I what you
never seen cricket not a fucking get no
no chance I don't know see I'm already
stunned by their outfits yeah this guy
doesn't have nothing on some dudes are
covered up in gear those
the guys with the helmets because the
ball is hardest fuck I got hit by a
cricket ball by the strongest kid in
school on time
oh then I was like um because the way
they throw it this was so weird well the
guys in the outfield don't have anything
because I just catch the ball bare hand
is right there barehanded you and I feel
like they should have met Wellcome he
throws it he runs at you mm-hmm he runs
and literally tries to hit you
with the ball that's crazy and it does
it have to hit the ground first is that
the deal yeah I think yeah it does that
guy's from what I remember cuz it seems
like it but the dude like runs across
the line and this is a bullshit game
number seven ball shit game like I'm not
a big fan of baseball I used to mean it
I think it's kind of boring yeah my
wrestling coach used to say it's not a
sport it's a skills game just kills game
it's not support you ever see a baseball
player so fucking tired he had to push
himself to push Murph coach Murphy
wrestling coach in high school is also
the same guy tried to get me to play
football when 135 pounds or crazy
asshole yeah maybe saw some natural
athlete shit in you know I just thought
it was mean oh yeah good be good
put havin a great safety probably just
people I would get crippled that's what
would have happened was dude on our team
his name's Bob Baker he weighed a good
solid 300 pounds oh it was so big maybe
not maybe I'm exaggerating but he was
250 he was our heavyweight and I was
like how how was he how are we gonna
play the same game where he could just
run me over with what did you want you
to play I don't know we didn't even just
didn't get that far you're crazy
I was ready fighting to I was doing
martial arts and wrestling at the same
time like look man I know I'm not doing
that I'm already doing shit that freaks
me out
physical shit scares the shit out of me
all the time I don't want to get scared
by even bigger people at least to learn
martial arts and wrestling was confined
to your own weight class you know if I
had a wrestle some badass dude at least
it was my own weight class right you
know yeah this is like the weight scale
is all over the place on a football
field yeah man it's all over the place
and the athleticism is all over the
place too you know you get a guide like
Hershel Walker and you know if you're in
high school and there's a Hershel Walker
in high school and he's on some team
that you're opposing
good luck fuckface these people that are
just superior just superior it's not a
damn thing you can do about it they
aren't the people like that in martial
arts like when you're wrestling oh yeah
yeah this thing's like that and outliers
you know there's outliers in all sports
and a lot of it has to do you know with
what you did growing up sometimes people
do things grown up like a lot of
wrestlers and turns out like working on
farms as a king is a great way for
wrestlers to be super strong you know
who make good restless cowboys oh yeah
because they they you know they steer
right to the ground they do it all the
time they practice on them yeah yeah for
sure we're also they're tough yeah cuz
you're gonna get banged up a lot and a
lot of it is like mental toughness yeah
you know but people who have to count
like there's a dude in Matt Hughes who's
like one of the greatest Walter White's
of all time and he was ungodly strong
right dude from Illinois because he
broke enough arm wrestling animals I was
a party one time right as a party one
time and he's thrown by these rappers
are you right on this show lyricist
lounge so one of the rappers master fool
dude from Brooklyn was friends with
these cowboy it's a great name master
Franz the fool he was dope too he's like
he's like the Flavor Flav of the of the
rappers for that group and he's just
like he just talks to everybody so he
became friends with these Cowboys they
came to visit LA for a week and live in
the house with the rappers and you know
they were real cowboys they like have
their last zoos out on the set and shit
like that so then at the party
this black dude with dreads got into an
argument with one of the cowboys and
like we're not gonna fight in the house
so everybody walks around the corner to
the street and in five seconds that
cowboy had the black dude with dreads
tied up with his pants just just twist
it tied his body
and had him on the ground bleedin Jesus
and then it was like I let him up in the
start again and he got up and he just
did it to the black dude again and I was
like I'll never fuck with a cowboy if if
a cowboy is a wrestler if he knows how
to wrestle - both of those things
yes wrestlers are so goddamn strong you
don't realize until they grab you you
realize how helpless you are so weird
feeling and even if you you can wrestle
if you like I wasn't a good wrestler in
high school but I made it to the States
and I remember when I was wrestling this
kid who eventually became friends with
because he used to come to Nautilus Plus
which is a place where I was teaching
Taekwondo and we ran into each other
when we were both like 20 like probably
20 or something like that it was really
cool he was a really nice guy his name
is Murphy - I don't remember his first
name might have been that might have
been his first name a lot of Irish
people named Murphy yeah that's like the
most common name amongst Irish people
probably but uh I was like doing pretty
good in like regional shit but this guy
got a hold of me and I was like fuck
sure made me realize like this is
another level of wrestling he had been
wrestling all of his life I've been
doing it for a year he just ragdoll me
around I was like fuck damn and he
wasn't even like like a champion yeah I
don't think he won the states and then
whoever did when the states didn't win
the Nationals so I was like this is like
tears intervals and then like a national
high school champion ain't shit compared
to a Division one NCAA a mayor
all-american college wrestler and those
College wrestlers are off the chain and
then they ain't shit compared to like
Jordan burrows all right something
they're not shit I should never say that
about I'm just saying that in comparison
because and I admire them almost more
than any other athlete because there's
no professional venue for what they do
one of the more amazing things about
wrestlers is that go into it knowing
there's no professional sport there's no
perfect other than you know pro
wrestling's difference it's
entertainment but there's no
professional 135 pound wrestling 180
pound right there's nothing that they
just loves it they just love it and it's
the toughest thing to do physically
they're fucking animals and then when
you get to the top of the top of the
food chain like a mole
time world champion like Jordan burrows
he had a wrestling match with Ben Askren
and he just ran him over
just rolling over and Ben aspirins one
of the best grapplers to ever compete in
MMA and he was also a two-time olympian
wrestler yes and he ran him over there
and Ben Askren runs most people over
when he wrestles was here yeah levels
levels levels never ends with speaking
of aspirin is he awake yet
he's awake he's uh he handled it like a
champion all good yeah he went on Ariel
Helwani show and talked about it and she
said yeah it sucks the guy's a douche
bag like sucks losing to him uh you know
I don't like him he said you know he
just what can he do he's right he's not
gonna read the comments
he's a smart yeah he's a very smart guy
but he took it like a man to be able to
go and do an interview right after you
get knocked out like that it's very
admirable but that's who he is that's
how you get to be a guy who's as good a
wrestler as a guy like Ben Askren I can
handle a loss like that what do you
think of the I forgot I can't I can't
pronounce the guys name who beat him
Jorge Masvidal Maz without what he said
after the fight he said he would smack
him if you saw him at Whole Foods
yeah I think I think it's just a little
too much u1i but I don't know their
history the history is rough
excuse me it's like ten years of them
giving him a hard time or if Ben Askren
given miles at all according to Maz
Vidal a lot of talking shit which some
people think is friendly in Maz Vidale
Street Jesus doesn't fuck around all
right jeez talk shit Street Jesus he
will fucking make fun of you after he
flatlines yeah right and that's right
did he flatlined him in five seconds
made him the fastest ever ko in UFC
history and then mocked him afterwards
and said he would smack him if he saw
him at Whole Foods but see we're talking
about it
so Maas Vidal is smart this is a yeah
yeah this is a amazing marketing ploy I
mean he's he's become in one fight the
most talked-about fighter in the sport
because he did something in the sport
that's been around for a little bit that
nobody's ever done before
Ben Askren was undefeated yeah
undefeated and Maz Vidale comes out
flatlines like that and talked some
pretty vicious shit after the fact and
even mimicked him laying on the floor
yeah which would look scary the way he
was out mm-hmm yeah monster doll say
calls out easy Conor McGregor I want to
break his face
yeah that would be that's a rough fight
that's a rough fight for Conor Maz
Woodall is a big fella too I mean he's
he really belongs at 170 that's where
he's fighting he fought at 155 but
really tortured himself to make that
weight right he's a big guy
you're talking about a guy who knocked
out cowboy Cerrone knocked out Darren
till knocked out Ben Askren I mean he's
knocking out big welterweights big
Darren till is a big welterweight he's
big he's not a guy coming up from 155
pounds he's never making hundred kabhi
he's way 55 155 sorry yeah so he's one
weight class heavier and he's really
running into like the last few fights
he's coming into his own he's really
becoming something special he had a real
close decision loss to wonder boy I wish
I could remember how that fight went
down I just think it was a decision I
don't know if it was a split decision or
unanimous decision but I think it was
just wonder boy out pointed him I don't
think there was any knockdowns right now
smiles oh yeah I was monster doll but
wonder boy is a particularly difficult
guy to fight that especially for three
rounds
Pettis recently knocked him out but pet
it's just hit him with a perfect punch
and that can happen to anybody and
Pettis timed it and Pettis is a beast
oh this is Wow yeah he's a wild man here
he's a fantastic fighter losing to him
it's like yeah you lost him one of the
best fighters ever and he also like he's
a guy who dropped Tony Ferguson I mean
pet is knocked out cowboy Cerrone pet is
knocked out Joe Lowe's Omelas crazy head
change that is his a monster hey this is
like he'll win one and then lose one win
one yeah yeah well it's it's a crazy
division man it's filled with murderers
just murder after murder both divisions
55 and 70 and I think Pettis is probably
gonna do real good at 70 because he's
healthier you know I think he went down
to 145 and
kill them it was just too much man he
had nothing in the tank and then max
Holloway beat him up he lost two I think
he lost it Charles Oliveira mm-hm
I think so I might be wrong he might
have caught Charles Oliveira hmm I don't
know
Pettis has the most legit crazy look in
his eye there was he had this one right
choked him right getting choked yeah
that's right that's right
I'm confused he lost to someone else at
1:45 who else did you lose it to at 45
Oh Barbosa was 55 Dustin Poirier I don't
think that was 54 and he lost a toe that
was 45 you Petey doesn't say what we
plot their fight then he lost her Tony
right yes he lost it Tony broke his hand
in the fight yeah that stuff but it was
a great fight I was a great wound up
dropping him okay so Charles Olivet sin
Barbosa and then Oliveira I think that
was the thing that was 55 I think max
Holloway was 45 I don't know man I'm not
sure though and then he went back up to
yeah the Dustin Poirier fight that was
that was he got injured and that was at
55 as a catchweight they fought he is
yeah he missed the wait oh he missed the
fight with max yeah so he's trying to
get down to 45 so featherweight debut
was against Olivera so he submission all
they're submitted Oliver and his
featherweight debut okay so he had two
fights at that way that way it was
torturous for him he didn't make it for
the max Holloway fight and then Jim
Miller is definitely a 55-pound fight
and all the other ones 55 till he got to
Stephen Thompson and that was the last
one
wonderboy that was that was at
welterweight yeah yeah that was a
amazing fight I mean so I think
sometimes these guys is just too much
man it's just too much he beat michael
Chiesa says he beat casa and Kess is
another one he was fighting at 55 and
now he moved up to 17 yeah that ended up
being a catchweight fight he estimates
these fucking guys man they're killing
themselves that weak cutting no imagine
if that was the case with soccer like
before a soccer game everybody had like
you had a certain amount of guaranteed
weight on the field I imagine like Ian
you know your whatever position it is
you have to cut down to 130 pounds you
like fuck right right so you got a drain
your body and a sauna and then everybody
ways and that everybody rehydrates and
then the next day you play this grueling
ass game and they'll be ridiculous right
fighting is the most tiring
yeah Bing it would totally compromise
the game wouldn't it yeah first imagine
football players had to do that imagine
football players only had like you want
okay guys
whatever the team is it has to wait
4,000 pounds that's it no more
and so you have to decide hey you know
Bob can cut lower than 260 we checked
his body fat Joe you're gonna have to
get down to 180 Jamie when we were kids
playing football we had to weigh in and
that sort of happened we like oh yeah
because if you were a certain weight
like you had to have stripes on your
helmet it means you could only play like
on the line you couldn't be carrying the
ball cuz you'd be fuck nope no kids
could tackle a ball oh so there was like
definitely a limit I remember I did have
to wear the trash bag and like cut
5-pound or tried fucking not much I way
but was so I could be a tight end and
catch the ball I was a little I was like
on the border dude that was so bad for
kids I had a friend in high school my
friend Steven he's all of his brothers
like 6-1 6-2 he's like five six he never
grew and it was because all throughout
high school and junior high school he
was cutting weight and wrestling I
guarantee you it had something to do
with it everyone else's family is is
tall boys are and he was tired or his
dad is not his real dad oh no his
brothers look just like okay he ever he
was always tired he'd be walking around
the hallways like this oh because he do
wrestling camps he would do the whole
thing so he's always wrestling who's
always exhausted always it's a terrible
thing for kids the fact they still have
kids do that is fucking madness it's
madness people didn't know any better
my parents didn't ask me when I got on
the wrestling team daddy now that you're
not cutting weight are you they didn't
even ask me all right they had no idea
did you just listen to the coach coach
tells you to lose weight you gotta lose
weight fuck so bad for the body it's so
bad for your your brain too because Ord
hydrates your brain and then you're in
class you're trying to listen in class
you're fuckin it's worse than being
hungover that's true because all they
tell us to do now is drink water mm-hmm
and stay hydrated and then you're doing
something that's like you can't put
anything in your system you're just
trying to drain it out
there's affect you mentally yeah yeah
well you get dehydrated your brain works
like shit all right
like they say that's one of the things
that happens to people in the desert
when they start dying of thirst they
can't think straight right they don't
they don't make good decisions
yeah I've been fatigued like it's soccer
practice and you just like out you'll be
wearing an opposing player shirt and
just from fatigue I'll just pass it to
you just to not have to have the
responsibility of this ball you know I'm
saying Carrillo's I fuck it and I'm
trying to make the team at the time I'm
like making just blatant mistakes I'm
just so tired man yeah fatigue makes
cowards of men Vince Lombardi's lon
did you did that to me in college were
you following Adam green tree at all his
stories at this point in the video said
he hadn't had water for like 18 hours
and he's still climbing up hill and
needs to find it yeah
great that's insane well he had to get
rescued I don't know if he broke his arm
I haven't chatted with him but he thinks
he broke his arm - it is if you go to my
friend Adam green trees Instagram Adam
green tree he documented this hunt that
he went in for a thing called a
Himalayan Tahr that lives in New Zealand
and it lives in these Alpine mountain
areas oh no its Alpine mountain
dangerous slippery mountain areas and he
got stuck out there and they had to get
rescued and fell into the frozen glacier
River was freezing to death had a climb
into his a sleeping bag soaking wet yeah
really dangerous foul thought he broke
his arm yeah it was worried that he
might have broke his leg they plot his
camera and film half of it to probably I
don't think he filmed much of it he felt
filmed some of it but he was having a
really hard time and then he had to get
rescued and he had to go somewhere where
the helicopter could land so they could
winch him and and carry him up and
rescue him and take him to the hospital
fucking dangerous shit there's a lot of
these guys like Adam who's a good friend
of mine who loves to go on these like
Vision Quest solo adventures and so
he'll go to the mountains and and camp
out by himself for 28
and he films it and puts it up on
Instagram right always talking to
himself and tottery like hunting elk
he's like mountain areas and last year
that's his campsite last year he had a
one-on-one encounter with a grizzly bear
oh and he had a pistol with him and he's
documenting him trying to hold off this
mama grizzly was standing up in the
background she made several charges at
him and he didn't even know that the
pistol was jammed the ammunition was the
wrong size so the the lever like when
you cock it it couldn't it couldn't fit
another bullet in there so he had a
dummy gun he's pointing a gun that's not
even real yeah because so if you pull
the trigger nothing would happen so then
he realized that that was a problem when
he I guess he tried to fire it to make
sure it does work okay so then he had to
realize that he had to put he could put
one bullet in the chamber
but he couldn't reload he could reload
musket style yeah so he had one bullet
essentially one bullet you're the wrong
ammo for the pistol yeah and you only
get one shot with one of those childhood
you don't even get one man you know when
they're running at you you are shitting
your pants you can't believe it you're
gonna miss half the bullets if you have
ten bullets if you hit it once you're
lucky it's madness because you're not
gonna shoot when it's ten feet away from
you you're gonna shoot as it's running
towards you and you I don't think you're
gonna be able to hold that position it's
too crazy
what is the bear doing when it's like
making charges at him but not coming at
him trying to get you to get the fuck
away from its babies almost always
almost always the fuck away from my
babies it's almost always a woman female
bear rather protect the neck oh yeah
that's there there you don't fuck around
some asshole that might be a hunter you
might be hunting bear you might want to
shoot my baby oh
they don't know yeah you might just be a
uh you know they don't think of humans
is a good thing humans are dangerous
right you know it's our fuckin day
they're predators yeah I'm I'm surprised
bears don't attack humans just more
often based on that like how do they
distinguish who's a hunter and who's not
they don't think of hunters as being
something they should attack they think
they should get the fuck out of there
because when they see guns go off and
then a bowl of bullet hits a bear right
next to them that bear kind of explodes
mm-hm and screams in agony and falls to
the ground they just want to get the
fuck out of there and not have it happen
to them alright so if they've seen that
ever in their life they've seen a bear
get shot which if you're in a places
where bears get hunted it's very likely
that they have seen that they just run
away
they smell people they run they want to
get the fuck out so bears look at humans
like predators only in places where
people hunt bears all right
the problem is when people don't hunt
bears bears have zero fear of humans and
then bears one of killing people all
right this is what you see in
Yellowstone because those bears are
grizzly bears and the only place in
America where you can hunt grizzly bears
is in Alaska and in Alaska they have a
different attitude they're starting to
open up grizzly bear seasons I think
there was one that we're trying to do in
Wyoming and there might have been one
somewhere else where they were trying to
do they do it in Canada but they
recently banned it in British Columbia
and the reason why they banned it is not
because the people that live near the
grizzly bears they're encouraging it
because these things are fairies coming
today and dangerous it's the people that
live in the cities or the most people
like this the biggest population center
in British Columbia is Vancouver right
it's all urban so that's the giant mass
of people but the people that live like
where my friend Mike Hawk Ridge lives
those people don't have a say and those
are the ones who live with bears right
they have wolves and bears all over the
place up there and the black bears which
you can hunt and those are not even
dangerous I mean they're dangerous but
not dangerous compared to Grizzlies all
right frisbees are fucking dangerous
those are girls in those cities making
those decisions can be even conservative
people that are animal lovers and just
don't understand what a bear is all
right they're not kill I mean the ideas
that they
stop trophy hunting because you see like
Cecil the lion that kind of shit max
disgusting and it is it is a lot in a
lot of ways like wanting to go and just
shoot these things just to stuff them
and put them on your walls there's a lot
of weird shit to death but I totally
understand your feelings on it I get it
but the grizzly bear things a different
thing those are the people that were
raised on the cartoon and they're like
hmm stop killing these cartoons
yeah the cartoon version of the animal
that they saw growing up so they I have
no idea well even in Africa the exact
area where Cecil the lion was killed
they had a recently killed 200 lions
because they're lions yet because so
many Lions had survived because there
was no hunting they came back they came
back up so weird it's not good it's not
ideal situations not ideal because it's
so so bizarre and twisted the animals
survive because people pay to kill them
that's what the African wildlife model
in these encaged areas is so they have
like 10,000 acres or some shit like that
they put it in fences right and then
inside those fences you have zebras and
giraffes and all these different animals
and you can come over there and pay and
you can go and hunt these animals that's
that's a lot of the area so this guy who
that Cecil guy who shot that lion he
paid like fifty thousand dollars to go
and hunt a lion and there's probably one
a day to a day three a day so those
hundreds and hundreds of thousands of
dollars of revenue coming in this
revenue comes in for these guys that
want to kill lions and what they do is
they use it to raise more lions and they
use it to pay hunting these people call
professional hunters are basically game
wardens to keep out poachers and to make
sure that these animals don't get like
rhinos don't get their horns chopped off
and murdered just just for their horns
things you know elephants for their
tusks things along those lines so they
need to hire people to protect against
poaching because look in Africa there's
a lot of people that especially in these
areas where they have these hunting
these vast rural areas people are
extremely poor right and they want
animals to just to eat they're gonna
call that poaching and they have to put
so then it gets even squirrely there
it's not it's not an ideal situation by
any stretch of the imagination but
because no hunters were coming in now
because of all the bad press after the
Cecil the lion shed they had to kill 200
lions because that many cook that many
like got born and yeah open because they
have a real unnatural situation over
there alright well they're breeding
these lions and then they put them in
like it's um every place does it a
different way and some places are
free-range where there's no fence at all
that is true there's some places are
like that all right but some places it's
all fenced in the whole thing's fenced
in it's like as like a fake Wow
yeah yeah it's they took the wild and
they made it fake I just put a fence
around the wild and then they kept
introducing food and then they have
lions that they keep in very specific
areas and they feed them and then
they'll transport them to the middle and
then the hunter comes that day and they
tell them where the lion is boom shoots
the lion and poses with the lion it's
perverse yeah it's kind of banana
perverse
yeah on the other hand these animals
that are in there particularly the
antelopes and blackbucks and not not
nilgai and all these crazy wild fucking
antlered creatures they're in greater
numbers than they've ever been so it's
so twisted it's like the numbers are so
high because people want to come in and
pay to hunt them right but then the
numbers are high so people can hunt them
it's not like so that they can keep the
whole wildlife ecology free in Rome and
look how vibrant Africa is now that
we've stepped in with all these
conservation dollars not really no it's
fenced in and then people drive up to a
spot get out boom take a picture it's
weird we fuck up everything great job
it's weird
great job people yeah we're the best I'm
reading an explanation of a person that
has gone to this Park in Zimbabwe to go
see the Lions and they've done this in
the past and they went back more
recently and this is hilarious read this
thing here then our host gave us our
safety orientation he told us to speak
to the Lions in a calm voice approach
slowly and to pet them on their backs
only then our host handed out skinny
sticks to each of us he explained that
if a lion approached us in a threatening
manner
we should switch the stick back and
forth in the grass distract them what
there's a Jesus Christ this is that they
thought they were gonna go see like
child baby get cubs okay definitely not
they're like 18 months old almost you
know a little bit older they're probably
sure they're adolescent yeah like this
big I saw this video like there's a
tribal or what part of Africa but like
if a cheater or like a like a cat like
hunts down an animal and kills it like
these these these people from this tribe
like they track the hunt and then once
the animal or the cat kills the food
then they'll scare off the cat I saw
them take it and then it stinks and they
have these little sticks yeah and then
the fucking cheetahs and whatever run
away from him and I'm like it's so crazy
I saw that I watched a video of that I'm
on someone's Instagram yeah well you
gotta do what you gotta do when you're
hungry yeah you take a chance and then I
mean unless they have a really good
weapon it's hard to get an antelope you
got to get fucking close
all right but a cheetah can just chase
it down if I'm a you would think it's
it's just crazy that a human could take
a cheetahs food yeah it is crazy yeah
they do with lions too yeah they do with
Spears they run up on Lions with Spears
I've seen that too like a female lions
just roaring at people where they drag
away their food there's Robin a lion
lion she goes back to her to the to the
house and the husband's I where's the
food I got robbed well what we do here
in cities is so recent and so unnatural
it's not like anything that anybody else
has ever done before in terms of like
human beings up until about ten thousand
years ago and he's never been shit like
this supermarkets and stuff like that
yeah yeah hold it and no interaction at
all with nature all right you know our
interaction with nature is reserved to
you know squirrels fucking pigeons and
shit Birds yeah having a dog even
fucking pigeons are weird they brought
over here is food no they were yeah and
they're everywhere you could kill you
could eat pigeons they're delicious
I never had one I don't think a lot of
people like they look at they just don't
look at pigeons as food no yeah
most people yeah 99% they have pigeon
seasons actually maybe they don't have a
season pigeons might be like wild pigs
where they're like they're considered
invasive species mm-hmm they're not
supposed to be here they're not from
here they brought them over here for
squab you ever heard of like squab when
people eat squab no squab is like a
fancy word for a young pigeon all right
it's like lamb lamb is a fancy word for
a young sheep how does a pigeon taste
you had it never had I never have I said
had it no I had squirrel house that is
if someone told me it was chicken I
would believe him no fur around yeah
tastes a lot like that which is a the
most cliche shit to say about taste how
chicken how do you know if you catch a
squirrel if it's rabbit on that if you
cook it you don't catch anything Oh will
you soon that's a good question I don't
know the answer to that maybe rabies
would die at a certain temperature yeah
squirrels are not well ground squirrels
I was gonna say squirrels are not
omnivores they're herbivores but ground
squirrels I'm pretty sure I eat meat
because I've seen videos of ground
squirrels eating a mouse all right Dan
locked up it seems wrong anything eating
a mouse is wrong like when you feed a
mouse to a snake or some shit like that
well it's even more wrong because it's
holding in its hands dogs and cats that
are currently vaccinated and kept under
observation for 45 days Oh what if the
oh can you get rabies from eating
squirrel small mammals such as squirrels
rats mice hamsters guinea pigs gerbils
Chipmunks rabbits and hares are almost
never found to be infected with rabies
okay and have not been known to cause
rabies amongst humans the United States
okay so rats can't give you rabies
that's interesting rat Eaton's about to
go up good Joe biting the head off of
her rat it's fucking nasty what was
biting the hand of a right guy a gun man
we're an Asian man I don't chew in the
whole fucking thing it like right off an
episode of fear factor said it was it
was wrong that's funny I think it was
dead and you didn't see it moving before
but it was funny you
would have been able to do fear factor
in certain countries there to be like
where's the fear right didn't like where
is it well we eat that I got a lot of
friends at our Filipino especially back
in when I was doing fear factor so I was
playing a lot of pool some of the best
pool players are Filipinos it's huge
indoor pool with pool rather but they
were laughing at me because they serve
believe they're like we love balut
dude is this weird duck embryo it's like
a delicate but people on fear factor
were terrified of it and these people
like no we pay for that right we like it
yeah it's great
okay look at those people wasting the
balut you know whatever it is they the
beak in everything man but is weird
it's an embryo it's like a little it's
like a little baby duck it's very
strange
I wonder if you'd even be able to do
fear factor today I mean I know Ludacris
is still doing it but they're doing a
different kind of version of it right
have you watched one of those episodes
just didn't check it out no no that's
like watching your ex-girlfriend get
bangs bang badly would you want to
swatch her get burned badly seal I was
better that's it's weird to take over
someones gig because if someone did it
for so long they had a certain style and
how they did it
please pimp my mafia factor Ludacris
right when like when who did pimp my
ride that was a what's his name it's
right yeah whatever happened to that
dude yeah he was the pimp my ride guy
yeah there's a huge show how the fuck
did that show go away that's you know I
know that feels like yeah it feels like
that could be over yeah yeah yeah it's
like one of them of pawnshop shows they
never have to end
yeah just keep punished yeah do it in
different countries yeah yeah yeah why
why would the end pit maybe exhibit was
like done I can't deal with these people
in their cars anymore they're making all
these other shows there's tons of car
shows now and all those other channels
pimping shit yeah but that's the best
name oh yeah pimp my ride that's the
best name most of those are undriveable
y-yeah I've there's been a lot of like
reddit they
for people like asking for like have you
ever been up hit my ride tell us about
your experience or whatever and like
they did so much shit to those cars that
would be like hey by the way when this
is over go ahead and take half that shit
out so you can legally drive it down the
fucking freeway if you would have every
time but some of the times had to do
that if you had one of the names cars
now from pimp my ride would be a huge
collector's item should be like worth a
lot of money if you still kept it I
think they started bringing it back but
yeah I'm series an article what really
happened in the Carson pit my ride I
remember deaf remember a couple the guys
said that they had to stay in contact
with a few of their like in-house
mechanics because they had to keep
getting something fix right I believe
that like they had to constantly drive
back to Hollywood or wherever the fuck
it was right that make sense he's trying
to find well a lot of those shows like
my buddy bud who's been on the podcast
before he used to have that show fuck
what was it called was that show where
they would steal someone's car and
rebuild they would meant to make them
think their their car was stolen I can't
remember his fucking show
god damn it it was Chip Foose Chip Foose
would would redesign their car and they
would get this fucking amazing car what
the fuck was the name of that show but
uh but Brett's Minh he used to have the
show rides that was a show where they
built my 1970 barracuda overhaul
overhaul and that's it that's a
shout-out to bud and Adrian who was the
host they would take a car and they'd
they do it in like a really short amount
of time mm-hmm and then after it was
over they would have to like tighten it
all up and when they do it build a car
they have a shakedown period where like
they'd drive it for a few hundred miles
to make sure there's nothing goes wrong
everything's working right there's like
this period of time to make sure that
everything's dialed in right they don't
get a chance to do that in a week right
so that's probably what they're talking
about
yeah the September I think I'm reading
through it like some of the contestants
said they had to dumb up like they had
to completely just play the game of this
is a TV show exaggerated let's dump a
bunch of cigarette butts in your car to
make it look shittier than it is
hey when we show it to you please be
fucking happy when you see this we can
have a good like reaction for TV kind of
thing that's disappointing yeah
goddamnit my rod that's every show
though yeah that's ever show any like
like HGTV shows oh yeah or just hoarders
yeah like we're gonna have to hold your
place up even more probably right yeah
like like Preppers those people prepper
might make them extra crazy I haven't
seen purpose what's that about
people were prepping for the apocalypse
oh yeah we know you're crazy but we're
gonna make you look even crazier even
down even crazier yeah or intervention
you know what's interesting to me it's
typically right-wing people who are in
favor of like if you think about any
time someone passes a law that's bad for
the environment right if they want to
drill in Alaska if they want to do
something over so it's usually I mean
it's might be generalizing but usually
thought to be a right-wing thing right
right it's like more concern for
business than concern for the
environment right people that are on the
left are the people that are always like
the tree huggers those are the
environmental so the people that are
like radical environmentalists you would
almost always think of as being people
on the Left right but the people that
are prepping for shit going south are
almost always on the right mmm the right
wing people are the ones are prepping
the world yeah so those are the ones
carrying bullets and they're fucking
digging tunnels in their backyard you
know what you're doing you know you're
destroying the earth by digging for oil
and all that shit it's not them it's
usually the bigwigs right right the big
but they're voting and they're in favor
of all those decisions that the bigwigs
yes make inadvertently because the
bigwigs have connected themselves to
Jesus all right that's what they did
that's what the the wise thing they did
good fat old fashioned Family Values and
Jesus they figured a way to connect it
to a thing that everybody can't argue
against all right
the connected right-wing ideology with
God and left-wing with a portion killing
babies right the lion The Sands been
drawn Ian if you're prepping for the end
of the world right
you gotta secretly be hoping for the end
of the world maybe a little bit of end
because did you try your shit yeah just
to try your shit and to say I wasn't
crazy right and wasting my time so you
got to kind of be rooting for the end of
the world like you don't want to you
know do all that shit in vain right you
know what I mean so that's kind of a
weird Ness to those type of people
that's a good point you know me like you
started doing comedy and there's people
like you're never gonna make it you want
to make it to be like you are wrong and
to just the relief of knowing you were
right well I think that's a problem with
cops
I think cops want to shoot people
sometimes you have a gun and they almost
want someone to do something fucked up
so they can chew them not every cop not
everything not every cop right but there
are certain people that should not be
cops right sorry those people that
become cops and it does happen and we
all know and I'm not 100% supporter of
law enforcement but even law enforcement
they know it they don't want to be
surrounded by some weak fuck who's also
a cop who wants to shoot people
alright there's people out there that
want to shoot people and you give him a
gun if you give someone a hammer
everything looks like a nail it's
amazing yeah I remember the video and
this was a white cop shooting a white
guy there was only one I think was that
in the hotel yeah that guy that guy's
like how did he become a cop how did he
not go to jail yes they let him off the
hook for that one they always kind of
let them off the hook they'll give him a
slap on the wrist and just get them out
of here in the instructions he was given
this guy was telling him to keep your
hands away from your waist cuz his pants
were falling yeah and the guy was saying
that to him too
yeah and he's just crying and crawling
towards him like helplessly the guy
reaches because his pants fell down and
grabs ahold of his pants to pull him up
like that fills his back up with bullets
him shoots him in the back on the floor
crawling you guys of no threat was
yelling making the situation even more
chaotic he's also telling the guy to do
something and why are you making a move
tell him to lie down yes his hands
behind his back you handcuff him and
then not he was ordering the guy to
crawl towards him yeah it doesn't even
make sense
did you see this video earlier this week
this is from July 1st yes yeah the guys
are crazy this is crazy this is what's
called suicide-by-cop this guy was
coming towards this cop screaming with a
knife and the cop was begging him to
please stop please stop this is after
they already shot up yeah I mean I know
but meanwhile he wants up tackling this
fucking guy this is crazy this guy's
already been shot and he turns on this
cop and tackles him right here
taxes him look at this the guy's filled
with bullets and the guy's reaching for
his ghost he gets his back and he takes
him down he does not the knife anymore
does he yeah I don't know I can't tell
what did you see the video of the black
cop walking towards a guy with the
machete yes I did see that and he just
like walked right into it this Perry
dand flipped him over yeah yeah that is
crazy
I saw another one that Eddie Bravo sent
me of a was not a cop 1 but do two dudes
are having a conversation this guy's got
his hand behind the back and he pulls a
knife out of his pocket and the guy
doesn't even see and he just in the
middle of the conversation just sticks
him in the stomach and the guys standing
there he moves back and he's like
holding his stomach you can't believe it
and the guy comes towards him again
follows him and the guy who got stabbed
ones up knocking the dude out you know
coming towards him with the knife again
saying I'll stab you again the guy hits
him on the left hook rocks him and then
hits him on the right hand and knocks
him out these were regular dudes
regular dudes looks like regular dudes
but the dude who got stabbed knew how to
fight luckily for him but he still might
die take a stab in the stomach that is
fucking very dangerous man
very dangerous yeah what are we talking
about what are you doing find a video
that guy getting stabbed that was not so
much this just saw a lot of shit so much
to just freak you out
I don't even look at some of the bad
stuff anymore a lot of it yeah like like
I saw doctor beginning of that video
when it came out like last week I I'm
watching this
I turned it off yeah you can't watch
that yeah there's so many videos you'll
get convinced that that's happening
everywhere in the world four hours a day
it'll fuck your head up yeah exactly
yeah yeah it's easy to get freaked out
yeah I mean there's a lot of free Keable
shit out there there is this is as good
a spot as I need to talk about this we I
want to make sure I clarify something
because there was some there was an
operation this is a guy who was a
billionaire diamond guy who wound up
getting a dick enlargement operation and
he died because the anesthesia and it
was in another country and we pulled out
we were saying somehow or another it got
connected to this company that does that
in the United States
it had nothing phenom phenomenal I had
said like he was getting a similar
surgery and that this one that one only
the pannu my only happens in the US but
he was getting something done in Europe
so it was like different well they
reached out to me to explain first of
all the guy died from anesthesia you can
get in you could die from anesthesia
from any operation had nothing to do
with the the penis enlargement operation
to use the more correct term dick
enlargement but he didn't die from that
and that's just as safe as getting your
nose fixed or getting your knee meniscus
operated on right it's just them any
surgery where you have anesthesia
carries a certain amount of risk but
apparently this dick thing works they
actually can grow your dick bigger now
well if you were risking your life like
I don't work well you're risking your
life if you go to the dentist yeah I
don't know what you wonder like anytime
you get put under right if you if you if
you anything you're doing with
anesthesia there's a very small chance
that something could go wrong but
nothing to do with this dick operation
so I just wanted to make sure that
people know that if you look this up I
don't want anything any incorrect
assumptions to be out there and I carry
no ill-will towards us these people that
make this it apparently it works I just
want everybody to know that it carry no
ill-will towards this company that makes
dicks bigger
apparently it actually it's a weird
thing right like for a man to do that
there's certain taboos that are involved
in even admitting that you have an issue
like a little dick is a weird thing
right because it's one of the rare
things that's unfortunate that you can
make fun of right like you can't make
fun of a little person all right like if
you make fun of a person who's us you
know you're not supposed to call the
midgets all right let's call them little
people right you make fun of a person
who's a dwarf or a little person you're
a cruel person right but if you make fun
of a guy with a little dick sometimes we
deserve zit or some shit that's a weird
thing that women are allowed to do like
you're allowed to make fun of dudes
having little dicks we should there
should be something in the same vein yes
to protect little world world world from
cruelty but because if you have a little
pussy that's fantastic yeah but he's
excited we're not crazy weird situation
but a big dick is a sign of virility
right so we salute you Ponemah that's
the name of the company we salute you
for helping men live larger dicks yeah
and I almost died from anesthesia one
time I thought you were gonna say from a
dick and life when I was like a teenager
and here's the irony I was going in for
an operation that you're supposed to go
in in the morning and leave in the
afternoon oh it's just a quick thing and
then it was literally for a circumcision
I was like you were getting a
circumcision yeah what were you doing I
just had sex with this girl like I was a
kid like seven like say 18 and and
somehow it pulled the skin of my dick
back I couldn't get it back to clean it
I couldn't get the skin back right over
so then I spent like an entire night
with like a roar boner with no skin
cover night so I went to the doctor then
he got it back over and he said you
should get a circle
decision so one time operation is going
and you'll have to worry about this shit
happening again but it only happen once
right yeah but you were furiously
beating off though right no no I just
pull the skin clean to clean it yeah
yeah officer I was cleaning the gun shot
my neighbor no it's clean it if there
was shit under there yeah so then I went
in and they gave me anesthesia and then
when I woke up there was like a hose
down my throat and people were frantic
around me and it was like nighttime is
way past the time I was supposed to come
back come too and the the anesthesia
gave me pneumonia ended up spending like
two one-and-a-half to two weeks in the
hospital and the first few days was in
intensive care
oh yeah Wow the anesthesia did not like
wake up holy shit yeah you almost died
getting your dick operated on yeah just
I was almost that guy and but for the
most part
listen you talking to someone who's had
a bunch of surgeries mm-hmm I've had my
nose fixed I've had my arm broken my
hands I've had my knees operated on
three times I've had three knee
surgeries I've been put under quite a
few times it's mostly safe yeah it's
really about the anesthesiologist hey
Jamie just somebody at the door try to
try to figure out okay why is he doing
that
wandering around like he's got a plan a
chair that must be hanging out up there
today I don't know people weird man you
never know you know when you get an uber
do you know that they how much
background do they do on uber so let's
try to explain them you're asking the
other day I was like to get the like
approval on your app to be like yes this
car can drive uber is one thing but once
you have that anybody you know can be
behind that they don't like scan your
face when you're in the car every time
or anything like that just yeah I got
the uber bro use it you know so if you
and I got an uber like I conjure over it
I could drive around pretend I'm you you
could get caught sure but like people
definitely do that all right
how many people had caught driving over
now not fucking long Yeah right right
whoever saw that coming rideshare being
it remember when you were kid nervous
kid taxis who ever thought man I could
have my own taxi please to have a shit
called gypsy taxis and they would arrest
those people yeah in New York yeah they
would arrest them for trying to do the
uber thing why don't they get it uber
why would they be a gypsy cab I box this
is before de it was a year and then I
lived in New York that some insane
number of gypsy cab drivers got murdered
insane Oh for real it was something like
40-plus in a year got murdered so it was
almost one a week they were killing
gypsy cab drivers they would rob him and
kill him did they ever catch that guy
I don't know if it was just those people
they were they were just deciding that
these gypsy cab drivers I think this was
you know boy we're talking like probably
like 1990s 1992 or some shit like that
like there was no there was no internet
and there was I don't know people were
paying ever with credit cards or cash it
was all cash yeah so if you're a gypsy
cab driver they saw you as being someone
who had a wad of cash on you and then
you can't report it to the police
because your gypsy cab driver so you
shouldn't even be doing it
yeah but they would just kill him but if
you're a criminal yeah it's a great
crime yeah I guess it's a smart crime
like I'm gonna rob somebody that
shouldn't be doing what they're doing
for a living so they can't really report
them report to the police that I'm
robbing you yeah but that was shoot'em
in camera the thing is they would just
shoot him in the head
there's like they would be consider like
maybe these people were illegals maybe
these people didn't have a lot of
documentation maybe when they killed
them it would be a dead end because I
didn't know what to do maybe they were
here by themselves
maybe I figured the cops don't care
about they would definitely figure the
cops don't care yeah and you know
because it's cash and because it's not
it's there's no meter all right so this
is like there's no record of everything
right how many do you find it in about
that quickly just google that there was
one I found a story for New York Times
1983 there's a weekend where 11 people
were murdered but this store just has a
story of one guy that was found in the
front city of a gypsy cab murdered could
have been a shot coulda been nice it was
the 19
okay it was the 1990s it was definitely
why I will move there I think I moved to
New York in 91 I think I live right
there from 91 I lived back and forth in
92 please rest away from 1990 a sixth
cabbie is slaying in the Bronx but it's
New York Times it was just a ball thing
yeah this one was killed
yeah I think there was a there was a
long stretch where it's hard to become a
big deal but it's I mean if there was 40
Wall Street guys murdered murders
Italians originated the creation of
pirate taxes it's kind of the article
about it I ain't seen a 180 drivers
since 1990 hundred 80 drivers have lost
their lives while on duty in the streets
which average is more than two per month
wow that's crazy I don't know if it's
regular canal I don't know either it
might just be cab drivers but you know
because gypsy cab drivers how do you
prove that guy was a gypsy cab driver
you just got a dead guy in a car well
bullet in the back of the head all right
and then you have to ask his friends was
this guy gypsy cab driving maybe it was
it was a certain style of car too
because so that passengers could
identify it as a just cab so that they
could take it right and it's like if
you're taking a gypsy cab you have
limited amount of money and you don't
want to pay a cab but you want to get to
where you're going you have to be
identifiable here it is
cabbies risk death daily in New York
jungle under siege crime hours are long
in the mortality rate high so far this
year 32 taxi drivers have been killed by
armed robbers posing as customers yeah
and I think that's just regular taxi
drivers yeah that's a rough gig man yeah
now when we were living in New York
imagine if just now you go there it's
just overs everywhere everybody Zubrin
everybody's just using their phone
standing out like the Comedy Store has
become a fucking disaster trying to go
yeah yeah that's a pain in the ass and
they just pull up and block the driveway
they don't give a fucking no one stops
them yeah and they're just going in
there left and right but just blocking
everything
dropping people off picking people up
yeah it's never-ending you can never get
in there it's weird it's like a new
thing that no one saw coming
what could be that like let's let's play
Gary Vee here
what's next what could what could we get
Oh on the frontlines of someone's cooter
stuff is crazy there's like a one-year
pilot program I think they're calling it
for Los Angeles County that's why
they're more and more I've popped up I
think they're just sort of saying we're
gonna do a year figure it out no one's
gonna be like taken down for doing this
for like it they were trying to Santa
Monica to get rid of them for a minute
mmm the bird scooters and whatnot
they've ramped it up completely there's
all sorts of electronic bikes now
there's at least I want to say six or
seven different companies just in
Hollywood where I live
they're just everywhere laying all over
the sidewalks but that's what they're
trying to figure out is how do you leave
them around where are you gonna leave
them is it successful I don't know how
much taxes they're paying and how like
much my the city gets brought in but
yeah I don't mind them but it's just
dangerous walking it is I was walking
down the street one day and I was about
to just you know you're just walking but
you just change your stride a little bit
to go to the right and I almost got hit
by one and it was coming fast and I'm
like it's the sidewalk you know what I
mean like you could it could be series
every problem in LA is that you're
supposed to be on the street with those
it says do not write these on the
sidewalk but it is a hundred percent not
safe to be on the streets of LA on those
because people are getting run over and
okay I don't know if anybody died but I
like downtown LA somebody driving 50
miles an hour ran over someone on the
side well are on the scooter like why
the fuck you driving so fast downtown
also well there's people that are crazy
and hit and runs happen anyway they
happen all over the place and then
there's assholes you know people gonna
shoot cab drivers are gonna run over
scooter drivers yeah they're everywhere
though it's weird to see them and
they've started to ban them in certain
places right some neighborhoods have
tried like West Hollywood you kind of
can't look anywhere but I think there's
cities the West Hollywood city yeah but
I mean outside of California you know
other cities have said no more yeah you
know Vegas you can't no fuckin way could
you have them in Vegas get more drunk
people right yeah oh my god drunk people
on scooters drunk people on scooters and
drunk people driving well your honor a
hooter yeah
let's fight Plus we'd now we'd yeah good
was Vegas it was a good time is a good
time
yeah it was just fun you just had me
thinking about what could be next though
yeah what could be next if we didn't see
scooters coming we didn't see Hoover
coming what would be the next what do we
what do we need what do we need we need
protection from the ocean the oceans
gonna rise up and take us it's good
we're mounting the IceCaps gonna fucking
we're gonna have to move to Tucson boats
they're making more subways here right
now use those for the 2090 yeah we're
gonna throw our shit down those tubes
like I wonder man I mean there was some
shit that I was reading today about the
ice caps melting at an accelerated rate
it's always it's never good news
whenever that it's like ice cap melting
news like hey and we just found out we
actually have more ice than we thought
we're good all right don't worry about
it does that mean Vegas can get water
now no Vegas gets their water figure
they figured out there's so much money
in Vegas they just steal it what do they
get it you're from a hole in the ground
no idea is there a well out there all I
know they got good water pressure in
every hotel I've ever been in it's
wonderful yeah look that's a human
ingenuity and they building more shit
yeah and if the ice caps do melt it'll
just bring it closer to Vegas all right
Vegas to use it yeah the water would be
like real close yeah I mean we just move
inside to the middle like this is what
people have been doing forever this idea
that you're supposed to be able to keep
your fucking house on the water in Santa
Monica nice and crazy decided build a
house where the beach is your front yard
that is so nuts you think those cliffs
were always there it was different
decades before so keep on thinking is
gonna be like that all the time yeah if
you buy like a seaside house in like
Marina del Rey or someone really nice
you're getting making a gamble like over
the next I'm only gonna be alive for 40
more years right over those years I'm
gonna let's let's hope all right that
this water stays over there exactly
stays put let's hope Mother Nature yeah
that was what I wanted to do yeah I just
I'm gonna spend seven million dollars in
this fucking house with literally no
backyard it's just ocean
was gonna hope it stays like this I just
can't wait till my crib becomes
beachfront property and then I could
sell it
I've rented a beach house a couple of
years ago when my kitchen I was getting
my kitchen fixed and we rented this
house in Malibu on the water it was
beautiful man you would wake up you eat
breakfast then just be sitting there
staring out over the water and the water
would literally come almost underneath
the balcony so it looked like you were
sitting in water right you were floating
and while you're on a boat I was like
wow this is so beautiful so it makes you
feel so good yeah it does be about ocean
but what a gamble yeah even though it's
the that's like you sound like that's
the ultimate infinity pool yeah you know
I'm saying
good yeah I don't mind like la jolla you
have the condo right by the beach and
then and you go to sleep at night you
could hear the ocean your way home but
then I'll be like what if it's this is
the night this is the night where your
noms in here
just takes the building down and rushes
it out there mountains I mean that's
happened so many times in history yeah
all it takes is a earthquake or an
asteroid hits the ocean oh yeah oh my
god if an asteroid hit the ocean we
wouldn't even be safe here
we wouldn't be safe we'd probably
wouldn't be safe in Arizona
it would go deep in Arizona asteroid hit
the fucking ocean just outside of Malibu
mmm just a big one everybody in the
Midwest be laughs and they'd be laughing
all right say we had the best property
all the time yeah so we had to duck
hurricanes mm-hmm they have the scariest
shit
I think tornadoes are the scarier shit
yeah those things are so random and they
happen every year right every year it's
not like earthquakes happen every year a
hurricane you can track you know it's
coming you can prepare yeah you could
just leave a tornado it's just like did
you show up hey man
I'm here yeah there that's the scariest
yeah but that's just something that
people deal with when they you see they
wipe out entire towns yeah they wipe
they take towns off the map I feel like
they just always aim for these small
towns well I think it has to do with uh
with agriculture if I'm right I think it
has to do with like flat areas and the
type of weather that they have and I
don't think they take place in areas
where there's a lot of trees and forests
mmm is that true it's more like they
don't really happen in cities right as
the heat structure and it creates like a
before the pressure air pressure starts
it's a hot cold air pressure system that
kind of starts worse so because of the
artificial concrete yeah although stuff
that's why tornadoes almost protect
above it does happen in cities from time
to time more like on the outskirts but
like it's very rare to see one roll
through a downtown but does one ever go
through like Colorado yeah I'm the man
looking one up right here so as you're
saying trees I got a video of one like
just ripping trees up in Texas so like
mmm but it does mostly - for sure on
flat land Texas Azzam yeah yeah well
Texas
and Texas is a lot of crazy wind but so
close to Oklahoma Oklahoma is like
tornado alley no I swear around there
there was one that was on TV that was
mad it was hitting this area where they
had these oil trucks and it was carrying
these semi trucks in the air I don't
know if there were oil trucks no semis
like you can't like it's you know like a
16-wheeler like fucking truck in like
that it was flying in a circle in the
sky like a fucking newspaper you know a
page from a newspaper gets caught in the
wind I was flying around this this
fucking tornado was carrying trucks like
that hmm that's mostly new stuff yeah
but there's a video of the El that's it
right there
that's the video this is a video what
you see look at this
y-you see the trucks as they get closer
you can see inside the fucking thing
that is a truck flying in a circle if
this is the same video I don't know if
that's it after no that's that's the
same way after I lands I mean that might
not have even been it but it was one
where there's probably so many fucking
tornado of it yes but it was one where
these trucks were literally flying
around in a circle like it was carrying
this gigantic semi and just floating it
in the air like a paper airplane was it
from twister though was it some fake
foot no no no it was real it was real
some news footage from television seems
like then it's hard to catch that
because all these are just already on
the ground yeah no it wasn't from a
distance but there was some news footage
anyway just speaking around but even
that was special oh yeah coming out
Friday at midnight on Comedy Central oh
shit why did you decide to do it in that
style it's kind of interesting you did
like a TED talk because there's so many
specials out there and I get to do my
material when I do it that way but add a
little twist and an extra layer to it
and that'll make people be more
interested in it than if I was just
gonna do it like just a regular stand up
that's why you clever bastard lives once
in a while I got an idea you know saying
and you got the microphone on a regular
microphone just sitting on the stool in
case you change your mind well the last
bit I use the mic you noticed that yeah
yeah yeah
the last bit I do with the mic what is
in your hand the clicker because because
screen like just like a TED talk any
talk you click thing picture represents
what you're talking about and then you
keep on going I I've seen people do that
before mm-hmm
with with with TED talks and I've always
thought that would be a good thing with
calm oh yeah yeah because like even you
look at your stand-up you take on a
topic you dissect it yeah and you give
people an alternate view of that topic
just like a Tech Talk and then you move
on to the next one so like comics like
you and me and other people it's a
perfect format for our stand-up yeah are
you doing that when you do when you
headline we do headline kick no no maybe
you should maybe I thought about doing
that all right yeah you did yeah I did
about it at one point in time but I'm
too lazy yeah yeah I don't have merch or
anything so I don't bring a merch I
don't want to have to make sure they
have a screen or transport one and all
that shit and that's jenna gets
cumbersome well I heard the Kevin Hart
at one point Tom had pyrotechnics like
Hewitt hit a punch line 20-foot tall
flames shoot through the sky in arenas
I'm like man that's when that's you you
add to the standup right it's like props
but way better right like I feel like
props are the rare one of the rare
things where you can't do many more
because Carrot Top owns that whereas
when I was a kid man there was prop
comedian yeah there was a lot of them
right Jamie you don't know about my yeah
yeah I remember a lot of ventriloquist's
and some people that were doing little
prop things but yet no one really had
that truck full of David be the comic
that show up to the mic yeah with a
briefcase yeah and then afterwards he
has to gather stuff like a stripper yeah
duffle bag
yeah it was a guy that was he was really
funny man a guy in Boston they used to
do that
he's like I'm blanking on his name but
he had glasses and he had a real similar
kind of act but it was kind of like
science-based he had a bunch of weird
shit that he would know where Alex's
Irby nope okay no it was a long time ago
you ever seen chips Cooney chips Cooney
I've heard the name yeah he had props
but he he was a fake magician
really so like remember the name of that
Tupperware that's right that's expanded
yeah like that was one of his fish all
gooey but he was funny like you know and
then pull it out that's the trick and
this keep going on to the next goofy
thing there was a guy named Lenny
Schultz and he Harbor but never crazy
Lenny uh-huh yeah he had a bunch of
props here I watched Steve Burns
documentary on the amazing Jonathan that
he just put out is really good was it
yeah I liked as a younger kid I loved I
liked him just because of his zany crazy
right shit he did but watching the
documentary was awesome so job doing
that what is it yes shout out Steve burn
what is it basically about he lived in
excess yeah it's definitely about that
sort of like his rise and maybe I would
say fall but then sort of how he came
back and was died so long - about this
fan that became his manager and sort of
he helped him and guide it to him along
and apprenticed him a little bit and
just about the relationship and footage
together it was just interesting is
there interesting guy Wow
yeah those guys from the fucking 80s
went hard man
that was the Kinison era you know yeah
if you wanted to be a wild man you have
missing cord yeah
coca-cola's snort coke on stage he's
just like make a joke about it it's
supposed to be fake hope he's really
ruin it Oh like a lot so he made a bit
yeah huh that was not a prop that's a
real shit yeah I bet people have done a
lot of Weasley shit like that like just
put something into their act they'll
pull something off you know like I would
think okay it's a one of the cool things
about comedy is also one of the weirder
things that it's so open-ended
the club just like you get booked to the
Brea improv right right
you show up like what's up being how are
you meant you know and you're like hey
there's my opening act they shake hands
everybody's cool they don't even ask you
what you're gonna talk about right they
got everybody sitting there people paid
money they've sold tickets they sold
drinks and they have not a clue as to
what you're gonna discuss and you just
go up there and say whatever the fuck
you want America loved it crazy yeah
what a weird way to make a livin and
then you do the same thing for like a TV
show or something you have to type it
out yeah send it to them I gotta look at
it that's a beautiful thing with Netflix
Netflix didn't say shit they just say
hey we want to do we want to do a
special with you I said great
all right let's do it I said okay let's
do it it was that easy thing we did and
they said okay great you did it we'd
like it put it up boom I had to send
Comedy Central a proof of concept yeah I
got to shoot the set like in a small
club sent it to them and they're like
alright okay yeah
well the good news is they proved rights
on TV and a special is always in my
opinion really just an advertisement to
get people to come see you right exactly
live right so I'm glad the
advertisements out oh yeah this is me
too
I've said it before I'll say it again
why are you here you won the best comics
in the world the shore listen I so many
times people come up to me Rogan was
talking about you like how don't you
have to be on the show like Rogen is
talking about you and so like people
will come up come to a show because you
just spoke about me
let's go man you and I've been friends
for 20 what 28 years shit
something crazy yeah it's a long fucking
time but you've always been one of the
best comics in the world you know and I
thank you too brother
your new shit man oh yeah you're doing
it's not even special yeah I was crying
this weekend it's that new thing that I
won't say god damn it's good it's really
good man I love that you know I love the
transition between when someone does a
special to writing and working on new
stuff yes and you just get this new
angles and and having to write shit
it's like I've been trying to tell this
to Bobby Lee who's another God and is
one of the best comics in the world and
I'm a fucking shame that Bobby Lee
doesn't have a special and he doesn't
you know it's like his thing is like we
know now I won't be able to use that
matte material exactly like yeah but
you'll write better stuff you'll be
forced to I think he's shooting a
special oh yes he's talking about it
yeah cuz he's DEA he asked me who
directed mine
Simon is Bobby about to shoot is special
but he'll see how what you've seen and
what I'm seeing now that how great it is
to like come up with a new set of
material which is very terrifying yeah
I've had some of some amazing mediocre
Sif's
Jesus I feel bad I know when you just
first trot out new stuff it's like you
don't know yeah you just don't know and
then you said something the other day
when was in Vegas he was talking to Ali
like we're all in the back after the
show about how you had a joke that was
new it was working you wrote it it's new
he's working and then you broke it by
over fixing it yeah then you had to take
shit back out and that's happened to me
during this new set of material to I
started the joke created it and then
broke it by overdoing stuff to it and
then I have to like figure out what part
that I put in there that threw it off
and take it out and fix it back well
it's always interesting to talk to
someone that's really just a few years
in the comedy because then you gotta go
over your own process and think about it
well yeah yeah the one of the things
that happens in jujitsu is in jujitsu
you get better when you teach it's real
strange like a lot of guys that wind up
getting a job teaching jujitsu to like
beginners their jujitsu jumps that jumps
up several notches it's really
interesting and I think sometimes that
happens would calm me so when we're
dealing with something like a leash I'll
tally makovski yeah our friend Ali she's
only been doing comedy for what four
years somewhere for five years and she's
just coming into her own
and she's what was she twenty-two all
right twenty-two twenty-three twenty-two
or twenty-three very funny very
promising and
she was gonna come down and watch us she
came to San Diego and to watch when Tony
and Andrew and I did that of that giant
Arena down there because she's because
she opens up for me all the time at the
improv an economy store she's getting to
be around all these assassins and she's
getting to see it from the outside but
that was her first time opening right
and I was like it's cuz she said she was
gonna come down to watch this did you
want to do a set and she's like I was he
really hoping so she opened she did 10
minutes in front of you know it's like
1,200 people it's a lot of people right
for her first big show in Vegas on
Friday night she murdered actually
they're good she did great yeah super
relaxed and but when you're talking to
someone who's up-and-coming like that I
love that I love it I love talking to
like hey soos hey Sue's trio or like you
know Frank Castillo or any of these
young guys coming up because you get a
chance to talk to them about how you
formulate stuff and compare notes and
sometimes they have interesting ways
that they do ever considered you know
and sometimes people have interesting
ways of thinking about their materiality
to think about I'm gonna go walk their
dog they'll play their set in their ear
or they'll you know when they go on
hikes they'll just go on a hike and
think about one joke and try to work the
joke out while they're liking you gotta
find out yeah I've learned a lot from
like talking to younger comics too so I
get that completely you also the the
thing that's happening to you right now
is the thing that happens to them except
the fact that you're far more skilled at
it it's like they're trying to put
together an act
but you've already done it many many
times you've already put out specials
and records so that when you're doing
this it's like you know how to write
jokes you're always writing nutrients
you've been doing comedy forever but
it's still you're starting from jump
yeah when you start from zero from
Ground Zero and then you try to put
together an act that you hope people
want to pay to see terrifying yeah and
then there was a part of it in this new
set of material that I was doing wrong
like like just the style of joke that I
was right and and I just felt off like
even when somebody bits were working and
then I was in Atlanta a few weeks ago
and then it just hit me what I was doing
wrong
I was the Laughing Skull yeah I was
gonna laughing slow-ass yeah
it's a dope-ass club it's helped little
real and it's a great room to go
headline and when you're like got new
material need to just work out yeah I
say about those rooms like the belly
room and like the Laughing Skull like
that's where you find out what's
bullshit yeah and I found out what was
pusher sometimes you can like song and
dance your way through it
we hundred-seat room trick them like
enough people start laughing together
other people laughing but and then
you'll kind of go along with it and with
your delivery and you can kind of make
funny out of it but no momentum with 70
people yeah you have to like really make
them laugh it's got to be real yeah with
70 people mm-hmm you got you know I did
Jeremiah Watkins show stand-up on the
spot on Tuesday that's the best example
that because you're also there yelling
out subjects all right you know and so
you just get to and you find out and
find and but that also like constructing
a new set what's interesting about it is
that you get a chance to figure
something out and make it real what like
Bobby Lee is doing right now is working
with tried-and-true material mm-hmm
tried and proven he kills every night
knows it's gonna kill if it didn't kill
he be stunned right he'd be like what is
my shit I've been killing with this for
four years he knows what he's doing yeah
he's just a funny machine so if I don't
know how to describe it just is it's
just him it's just a funny a nice
fucking yeah so funny
and people don't not enough people know
because most people know them from
podcast and that helps for sure and from
television shows that helps for sure
right but there needs to be something
people could see of his stand-up yeah so
we're we're getting them he's listening
it's like he's a slow but he'll listen
right the take a little time he listens
getting in there it's getting in there
too good
yeah it's too good the other ones Owen
Smith yeah yes Owen Smith good yeah too
good
has his own style fucking funny he's
murdered yeah man
he's a top-flight headliner not like a
good headliner
like a top of the food chain headline
yeah like if someone told me Owen Smith
was selling out arenas I'd be like good
shit been happening
long time exactly yes you know I'm and
as much as Kevin Hart or fucking fill in
the blank whoever can sellout giant ass
places Oh in Smith's material is as good
as it gets in those places 100% yeah
100% and sometimes these guys they just
don't do they don't do enough road work
or they don't do know they got writing
jobs or something takes them off the
path where people don't necessarily see
they do a lot of acting yeah that's all
different little paths that kind of
deviate you away from from stand-up
right and I think I went knocked went
down that path when I was on fear factor
oh yeah no was on fear factor I didn't
really tour much you know it's mostly
just being around LA because it was
filming so much right film so many
episodes and you guys traveled a lot to
different places yeah yeah I said is
exhausting man exhausting yeah and it
was exhausting too because he'd be
filming all day be out in the heat
mm-hmm and then you would come back and
you know after that I would do stand-up
at night and I'm just like I'm just
gonna just do the store and then go home
right I wasn't gonna travel anywhere I
did a little bit but not much so it's
like things can be good where it's like
it's great to have a good gig all right
but things those things can be bad cuz
it ultimately takes you away from your
stand-up yeah man Louie CK said that to
me once he was in the period after he
stopped doing his show
yeah just stopped doing it for awhile
and I said I haven't done anything other
than standing up for a year and I said
what wouldn't what made you do that he
was I just wanted to really concentrate
on stand-up he said I don't think you
could be at your best while you do other
things right he goes I think you could
be good but I think at your best you
really have to just do stand-up yeah I
think he's right no he's right even if
you don't do much in that day and if you
just write one line or one tag or
something mm-hmm as this it just counts
so much towards the whole thing and by
the end of the year where you where you
end up is gonna be way further than you
would have been I think it's not an even
formula though because I do think that
there's some value in taking some time
and doing things as well right there's
like take there's value in like
vacations yeah this value and
experiences
yeah and then there's also you have to
do a lot of stand-up this is like both
things are true because if you only do
stand-up one of the things that does
happen is guys lose their point of
references all right because their whole
life revolves around traveling so you
get a lot of airplane jokes right and it
revolves around drinking because people
drink at clubs and you don't have enough
experiences yeah you got to live a
little yes yes to put it on the paper
yeah I think that's that's something
that gets missed but it's like it's not
a perfect formula it's also like how
much enthusiasm do you have like
sometimes the more enthusiasm like it
when you have you feel good about it
when you take time off and it makes you
better right you just have to know it's
just like an athlete like like in
England the soccer season is over right
so the soccer players go on vacation but
while they're on vacation you got to get
in a month or so you got to get back to
training in a month or so but you can't
go back to camp out of shape so there's
a point where you have to be with a
trainer while you're kind of off for the
season getting in shape so that when you
go to camp you're not out of shape and
you're losing your spot on it it's just
this is a delicate balance of everything
yeah that makes sense
we're also so insanely competitive right
and there's so many people lined up but
you take your spot yeah you can't get
fat when you're on vacation it's always
comedies like when you shoot a special
and then the guy that couldn't follow
you it's killing because he still has
his material that he's been had and
you're like not doing as good because
you're working on shit it kind of it
kind of fucks with me a little bit yeah
yeah you know what I mean just a
competitiveness offshore and then I say
hey man this is just the natural order
of things just keep doing what you're
doing and and everything is gonna be
fine you figure it out you're growing
again nothing wrong with that whenever
new bits come to life and they start to
really work I go okay it's just trust in
the process yes what happens you trust
the process keep grinding mm-hmm but you
have to do that if there's no if you
don't put in that time if you just
decide oh I need a new act but you don't
work on it I'm not gonna just show up
let's see you have to you have to make
that that process is a real thing right
and there's gonna be some sets just a
man yeah yeah
you take one old joke go on stage yeah
and this butter it add to it but one
thing that's true for sure for me scent
when someone like you is writing new
stuff and that new stuff kills like last
weekend that makes me excited about
writing new shit I go home I cut there
it's out there I gotta find it I gotta
find the bits right there out there look
you just found two giant juicy gold in
San Francisco yes go dig it it's golden
them in our Hills
I always see you go find new material so
it's always good like like we both had
new shit this weekend yeah and we're
enthusiastic about it and exciting about
it so it it adds a different level to
just going out to do a show that we
would normally do we get to talk about
it afterwards with the excitement of how
new the material is and and how it's
coming along and it just that's that's
the level of fun right there you don't
experience unless you're out there
writing and growing yeah there's no
other way around it and I think that's a
metaphor for life I think the people
that get stagnant in life things cuz
you're not taking any chances you know
anything new you're not growing yeah you
got a mean and artistically with
stand-up it's one of the rare art forms
where you cannot do the old stuff you
don't mean maybe Jim Gaffigan people
want to hear hot pockets but they also
want to hear our and new shit right you
may be Bert Kreischer they want to hear
the Machine story he says they get mad
if you don't he doesn't televisions
tells the machine stories to take a
shirt off the mat his clothes when he
starts taking his pants off and then
just put them back on hey fucking pants
on why are you pants on bro how dare you
that's free okay that'd be his new shirt
partying pants free hilarious yeah party
with no pants or party and pants free
party pants are pants for you yeah Bert
Kreischer there you go
that's an maybe new special party and
pants free just you fat fuck with boxer
shorts
talking shit about sober October how do
you want
way better tidy whities go all in yeah
but boxer shorts when he moves funny is
dick hole will open up a little bit and
get a period well how about the speeders
how about Bert on stage and speedos on
speedos don't seem like a comfort move
all right
seems like a bad decision yeah that's
not someone who really wants a dick to
be caressed and cradled he does it like
you're punishing your deck fuck it's
like you're it's like a tent in a storm
and nailing it down partition it or
showing it off right yeah you've got a
hog yeah getting a penis enlargement by
speedos yeah just put a just take your
circumcised dick and pull it all the way
down so it's a full erection I ran and
then I put a ring a rubber ring around
the base of the balls to contract all
the blood or constrict all the blood
yeah that's a weird thing that someone
figured that out right cock rings yeah
hmm how do I uh
how do I stay hard here he's gotta be
away put a rubber band a prettier girl
yeah yikes
yeah that's a one thing that if they do
ever come out I used to have a bit about
that if they ever come up with a pill
for how to like a boner or a dick
enlargement pill that actually works
it'd be 30 seconds later the first dude
would die of an overdose all right yeah
just take one you're gonna find out how
many give me a stroke yeah how's a
question one Jesus Christ
yeah I had a whole there was a whole
sequence where women would evolve
because people just are sex but the
dicks would get bigger in the road would
develop these flying squirrel pussies
they would just jump off cliffs to get
away from dudes who were chasing after
them with their big dicks and shopping
carts and fell there they grow wings why
women growing wings just a Fed so people
could mate yeah yeah if you could grow a
big like have you ever watched a porn
and said that's just too much yeah yeah
yeah comes a certain point time we're
like how big do you want your arms right
yes you want a big arm or do you want to
arm where the bicep touches your fingers
when you go like this all right do you
want that
oh you can't even move that's crazy it's
too big Yeah right
does that mean you can never do this do
anything like this now you probably
can't even walk yeah you're just too
heavy you probably water one everywhere
you go you weigh 600 pounds and you're
5/8 how the fuck you doing that right
there's a size too much you can get too
much
yeah I can get too much dick to get a
body dysmorphia with their breasts ah
yes girls go crazy like they have triple
ease and they need them an F they get
nuts it's crazy they don't see it like
the way you're saying it that's how it
happens with anorexics bodybuilders yeah
yeah and it's goddamn bananas
it is the dick thing is a it's a weird
one right yeah that will definitely it's
definitely gonna happen since women
overdo it with the breast size and like
you say they can't see how weird it
looks yeah it's a normal thing with
humans yeah have you seen those guys
that inject their muscles with oil it
makes their muscles swell up like
balloons it looks so fake but they don't
see it there its body dysmorphia yeah I
think that an anorexic gets when they
don't recognize that they're there look
like a skeleton
when was at the airport in Vegas and
waiting for your pool thing there was
this chick and she had like a weird but
poor girl and it wasn't real and you
could tell only she didn't know that it
didn't look real she probably thought it
looked amazing right yeah she was
walking around like but never your
confidence yeah at that bit yeah yeah
people get strange because the butt
thing is treated differently than the
boob thing mmm like a woman with really
large fake breasts is still hot yes but
a woman with really large fake butts
like come on yeah that comes off crazy
yeah yes and fake lips it's another one
that's crazy - yeah yeah we have rules
it's weird
yeah
fake lips it's like what am I supposed
to do just pretend this is not happening
in front of me right now
well it's also it fucks with your
apparently we have and when we see a
certain person wouldn't see people's
faces we have an expectation to where
things are gonna be and based on where
things are all right that's all like the
Fibonacci sequence like the golden ratio
the way your face is designed like like
Ari Shaffir if our I should figure out a
tiny nose you'd be like what is wrong
with your face
your face is a big nose this is like how
you're that style of face yeah it's
supposed to come with that style of nose
yeah right if it doesn't it's weird but
then you look at a guy like Greg
Fitzsimmons his little nose mm-hmm you
know if he had always knows you like
what is that nose doing on your face
right crazy it's like you fuck with that
when you do something to make something
bigger or wider horse you know with your
face you know people get tattoos and
different things like suppose people
start enlarging areas of their face you
just like getting my hairs bigger nose
is what if big ears come in the face
Dumbo yours is well how about those
holes where people stretch they do there
are edges and they pull their fucking
ear hole out to put that earring hole at
the bottom make it giant yeah like a
hoop that's bananas
yeah like what are you doing to your
ears yeah like I don't want to fuck up
the chance of me not being able to hear
some shit I don't think it does work
it's just I'm not doing anything
personally that that's close to anything
that I need yeah I need this for what I
need this for I'm not gonna do anything
to it that might jeopardize it in any
way I always feel like that about
cauliflower here too mmm they go to all
the years that I did you just - I don't
have cauliflower here because I always
worry your guards right it's like if you
fuck with the shape of your ear it fucks
with the way sound goes in there ah okay
like take your ear and then talk go blah
blah blah
now put your tip the tips of your
fingers on the top of your ear and then
fold them down la la la la la la la it
changes the way sounds are
Changez sound like this helps they sound
these are speakers these are bows right
you know yeah you fuckin with your bow
it's the shape nature figured out a
shape to collect all that sound and and
get it inside your ear holes yeah but
when you're outside of your ears like a
rock like a lot of these wrestlers and
jiu-jitsu guys they have it's all
calcified so that with that cauliflower
Iran if you ever touched a cauliflower
you know it's like a rock under the
surface very calcium rock that's what
it's like because the it's what it is is
the break in the skin it swells up
because it bleeds and then that blood
calcifies and hardens and the only way
to fix my friend Brett had his fixed
mm-hmm Brent yeah Brent I found Brent
had a fix they had to cut his ear like a
fish they had a fillet and then they had
to open it up and scrape out all the the
hard tissue and then sew it back up
together and he couldn't do jiu-jitsu
forever because if he did jiu-jitsu
again after the operation it would break
open and start bleeding again Pam yeah I
was looking for a picture where a guy
gets this part I've seen people with a
plug and a hole on the inner part here
oh I've seen that yeah but this guy took
it
[Music]
that definitely fucks with his hearing a
hundred percent oh yeah he's got a giant
gauge hole in the bottom and a medium
gauge hole in the top and then big ones
on his nostrils where his nostrils he
has like the bottom hole where his
nostrils are and then above the nostril
he's got two huge holes we could see the
septum he opened up the side of his
nostril quarter-sized hole easily I
can't say that dudes real happy
I just don't see it I don't understand
that look but hey hey man what are you
gonna do
Ian Edwards will be with me with Dave
Chappelle coma Washington and then Salt
Lake City Salt Lake City the next day
which is August 3rd tickets just went on
sale
um I don't think so they're I think
they're on sale on Friday yeah
but they went on priests all the way
Dave does it you have to register as a
legit fan like a human being yeah they
have to make sure that you're not a
ticket agency the scalping these two
line them up in mass and then selling
them back so Ian Edwards it would have
to be you have to show your driver's
license or something I don't know how to
verify it but and then once you register
then you could buy the tickets and it's
for those people for a while and then
after that then it's opened up to the
general public I think on Saturday
something like that but Ian's gonna be
with me Donnell
Rollins yeah I don't know if that's been
announced but I just announced it
Donnell Rawlings gonna be there too
I'm fuckin pumped we're gonna have some
fast gonna be crazy those are gonna be
wild that's gonna be fuckin crazy bro I
think this weekend was crazy that
weekend is gonna be fucking great Tacoma
sold out in a day 20,000 people it's
gonna be nuts
no sleep I'm not expecting any sleep
yeah it's gonna be crazy yeah all right
so tell people you're special it's this
weekend Friday this Friday July 12 on
Comedy Central at midnight check it out
Ian talks bill represents Ian talk and
if it once it all things comedy did it
right yeah all things calm yeah and then
once it's out we'll be able to be
streamed on Comedy Central's yeah
download the app or just go to comedy
central.com
powerful via network thanks brother
thank you my friend much love Arlo
bye-bye
[Music]